THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 1905.

THE BALTIC FLEET.
OUTSIDE TERRITORIAL WATERS.
FRENCH NEUTRALITY AGAIN.

London, May 1.
Renter’s Agency learns from Tsing-Tau that
the Baltic fleet, including Niebogatoff’s sqa-
dron, is near Hainan Isle.	(Reuter.)

Saigon, May 1.
The Baltic fleet is lying off port Dayet and
in the Bay of Binkoi, 40 miles north of Kama-
ranh, outside territorial waters. The transports
are still at Saigon.
The Tsing-Tan report is wholly premature.
(Reuter.)

Saigon, May 1.
The Russian squadron is stationed at Dayet,
40 miles north of Kamaranh Bay. (Havas.)

Tokio, May 1.
It Is believed that Admiral Rodjestveosky
continues to use the ports of Indo-China for
coal and supplies.
The newspapers are again questioning the
faith of Prance's assurances. The Government
is silent, but it is believed that it is preparing
for renewed representations.	(Reuter.)

RUSSIAN TOLERATION DECREE.
COMPLETE RELIGIOUS FREEDOM.
St. Petersburg, April 30. 
Ukases have been issued remitting the
arrears of Government loans made to the
peasants during the bad harvest years from |
1857 to the birth of the Tsarevitch. The arrears
are estimated at £7,500,000. The ukases, which
also remove most of the disabilities amongst
the unorthodox sects regarding freedom of
worship and civil rights, include Mohamedans
and Buddhists, who are no longer officially
qualified as heathens,	(R.)

St. Petersburg, April 30.
A ukase has been issued remitting the debts
to the State of the peasants in the various
governments.	(Havas.)

St. Petersburg, May 1.
The Russian toleration decree does not
provide for the relaxation of the anti-Jewish
restrictions.	(Reuter.)

St. Petersburg, May I.
The ukase establishing practically complete
religions freedom for all creeds has been re- 
ceived with enthusiasm throughout Russia It
is hailed as the greatest concession to liberal 
thought yet granted.	(R.)


LESSONS OF THE WAR.
NEW TYPE OF BATTLESHIP.
Gosport, April 29.
Mr. Lee, Civil Lord of the Admiralty, speak-
ing here, said the Admiralty proposed to lay
down in the autumn at Portsmouth the
first of a new type of battleship, which will be
the most powerful in the world and will be
constructed in the shortest time known. It will
embody considerable alterations in the naval
design, as a result of the lessons learned from
the Russo-Japanese war. The recent lull in the
construction of our warships was to enable such
lessons to be considered and utilized. (Reuter.)

NAVAL MOVEMENTS.
Gibraltar. April 30.
Six destroyers are leaving here for Malta.
They will he docked prior to proceeding to
China. (Reuter.)

JAPANESE LOAN.
Tokio, May 1.
The Japanese loan mentioned on the 18th
inst, has been over subscribed 5 times. (R.)

PRINCE MOHAMED ALY AT PARIS.
Paris, April 30.
Prince Mohamed Aly has arrived. (H.)

PAPAYANNI LINE.
The “City of Cambridge,” 8,844 tons, will
sail for Liverpool on or about the 6th May and
will be followed by the “City of Oxford," 4,019
tons, on or about the 20th May. Both ships
have excellent first-class accommodation amid-
ships and are fitted throughout with electric
light. Fare £14 single and £24 return.
Special terms for officers of the Army of Occu-
pation and Government officials.
For further particulars apply to the Agents,
Barker & Co.,
25824-65	Alexandria.

Anglo-American Nile Steamer,
& Hotel Company 
River Transport of Goods Between Alexandria & Cairo
Three Sailings a-Week.
Agents of Alexandria
. AKIAKUU IPhtir V/lfhCUl CO. IB.
pue.Hf

THE ENTENTE CORDIALE.
KING’S PARIS VISIT.
ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION.

Marseilles, April 29.
The King has left for Paris. His Majesty
received a great popular ovation. (Reuter.)

Paris, April 29.
The King of England has arrived ; he was
greatly cheered.	            (Havas.)

Paris, April 30.
The King of England arrived here yesterday
evening. His arrival was quite private and
unofficial. The Queen does not accompany
him, her Majesty continuing her cruise in the
Mediterranean.	                   (Reuter.)

Paris, April 30.
King Edward, at a dinner at the Elysee,
showed an affectionate cordiality towards M.
Loubet.	                           (Havas.)

Paris, May 1.
The King of England and M. Loubet have
exchanged the most cordial visits this after-
noon. Crowds, who were waiting patiently
under the rain, cheered the King with remark-
able fervour. M. Delcasse called on his Majesty,
with whom he had an interview which lasted
for 20 minutes. The King received Admiral
Fournier and congratulated him on the way he
conducted the North Sea inquiry, and con-
ferred on him the Order of St Michael and St.
George.
A State banquet took place at the Elysee in
the evening.	                    (Reuter.)

Paris, May 1.
The King attended the St. Cloud races. He
was the object of the most hearty demonstra-
tions everywhere.             	(Reuter.)

London, April 29
The British fleet will visit Brest from the
10th to the 17th July.	        (Reuter.)


THE MOROCCO QUESTION.
GERMAN EXPLANATION.

Tangier, April 29.
Count Tattenbach, in an interview with
Reuter's correspondent, said that the mission
to Fez was to thank the Sultan for the Emperor
William's welcome, and to repeat the assurance
concerning the integrity of Morocco. He said
that it was not intended to ask for any con-
cessions, or to propose any commercial conven-
tion. Had France communicated to Germany,
the latter would have pointed out the incom-
patibility of private agreements with the inter-
national Madrid Convention. France now
offered to enter into pourparlers but Germany
could not go behind the Madrid Convention.
                              ( Reuter.)

Tangier, April 30.
In his interview with Reuter's correspon-
dent, Count Tattenbach said that Germany
needed room for expansion for her population.
Her colonies were few and small. He would
warmly support an international conference if
Morocco proposed it.
The French negotiations are not progressing
pending the arrival of Count Tattenbach. (R.)

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL

It is stated that the successor to Mahmoud
Pasha Sidky as Governor of Alexandria will
be Mustapha Pasha Maher, the Moudir of
Dakahlieh, and that the present Governor will
be appointed to the Wakfs Administration.

H. E. the Governor returned to Alexandria
yesterday.

Baron Acton, Italian Consul-General at
Alexandria, returned from Italy on Sunday.

Sir Henry Tanner, I.S.O., F.R.I.B.A., F.S.I.
Principal Architect of H.M.’s Office of Works,
was among the passengrs who arrived yester-
day from Marseilles by the S. s. “Hohenzol-
lern.”

Among the latest arrivals at the Eastern
Exchange Hotel, Port Said, are Mr. Maurice
Stubbs, Mr. A. Pillett, Mr. P. Cooke, Capt.
Murray, Mr. W. E. Bennett, Mr. A. L. Goldie,
Mr. J. W. Norton, Miss Ailfen, Miss Robins,
Mr. and Miss Muntz, Miss Laing, Mr. N. N.
Tabet, Mrs. L. Stuart, Mr. A. Tissier, Mr. G.
M. Dawson.

DAILY WEATHER REPORT
OBSERVATIONS BY SURVEY DEPARTMENT
Alexandria
Direction of wind North
Light
State of Sea Slight


LOCAL AND GENERAL
A New Stockbroking Firm has been form-
ed at Cairo under the style of H. de Vries
and Boutigny. M. Boutigny is the editor of
“La Bourse Egyptienne."

Alhambra Theatre.—The Magnani operet-
ta company arrived at Alexandria from Italy
on Sunday and will open at the Albambra this
evening in Strauss's Primavera Scapigliata.

Sailors and Soldiers' Institute— A con-
cert will be given at the institute to-morrow
evening, commencing at 8 o’clock. The pro-
gramme is a most varied and attractive one,
containing no less than 18 items.

Suez Canal— 20 vessels passed through
the Canal on the 27th and 28th of April,
16 of which were British, 2 German, 1 French,
1 Egyptian. The receipts for the two days
were frs. 542,157.51, making the total from the
1st April frs. 9,403,605. 

A Route March was carried out yesterday
morning by the 2nd Battalion R.Berks. Regi-
ment. The battalion left Mustapha barracks at
6 a.m. and marched, via Sidi Gaber, Rosetta-
road, Cherif Pasha street, and Ramledi boulevard,
r turning to Mustapha shortly after 8 o'clock.

Ports and Lighthouses Administration.—
A Khedivial decree has been promulgated to
alter the official title of the chief of the Ports
and Lighthouses Administration, who will-
henceforth be enttlled Director-General of that
administration. This decree came into force
yesterday.

A Khartoum Memento.— The cutting from
the rose tree of General Gordon's grave at
Khartoum, planted with tender cafe in Hail-
sham churchyard by the vicar, the Rev. F.
Clyde, towards the close of last year, is, with
the spring, putting forth its new shoots, and it
promises to develop into a hardy specimen.

The “Mahroussa."— On board the Khe-
dive's yacht at Glasgow very little of the
deckwork amidships is now standing; the
cabins below are being gutted out, and
thoroughly overhauled. All signs of paddle-
boxes have now completely disappeared, and
the topsides present an almost entirely un-
broken appearance.

Coal Imports.— From the 1st of January
to the 26th of April the quantity of coal im-
ported into Egypt was 250,040 tons. During
the same period of lost year the imports were
342,212 tons. This year Newcastle sent 60,669
tons, the Welsh districts 195,352, the Scotch
districts 27,640, Yorkshire 17,466, and other
districts 8,913 tons.

A.L.M. & D.S.— A musical and dramatic
entertainment, under the auspices of the
Alexandria Literary, Musical, and Dramatic
Society, will take place in Alderson’s Garden
Theatre, Bulkeley, on Friday, 12th inst. The
programme includes the farce “Petticoat Per
fidy," which has already been played with
much success in the same theatre.

German Choral Society.— The members
of the German choral society “Mannerchors,
Eintracht” arrived at Cairo from Alexandria
on Saturday evening and were met at the
station by many members of the German
colony and the “Gesangverein Liederkrang.”
A "kommers” was held in their honor and the
members of the two societies gave a concert at
the German Club on Sunday.

British Engineering Company of Egypt.—
The “Times,” after giving details of the new
combine known as the British Engineering
Company of Egypt, remarks, ‘This is certainly
a formidable association, and one that may be
trusted to accomplish a great deal in improving
British engineering prestige in Egypt and the
neighbouring province. Such a prospect is the
more hopeful as political influence has now
vanished from tho field of commercial rivalry."

Interesting Visitors.— In the autumn the
members of the British Association for the
Advancement of Science will probably pay a
visit to Cairo on their way from South Africa
en route to join the steamer at Alexandria. The
association will meet on August 15 of this
year in South Africa, at the united invitation
of the Governments of that part of the British
dominions, under the presidency of Prof.
George Darwin (the eldest son of the great
naturalist), astronomer of Cambridge Uni-
versity (president-elect). Meetings will be held
at Cape Town and Johannesburg, and on their
return about 100 of its members, which will
include the president and many other distin-
guished men of science, will proceed to inspect
the falls of the Zambesi, under the regis of the
British South Africa Company, and will re-
turn from thence by special steamer from
Beira, touching at Zanzibar, Mombassa, and
Suez, and thence to Cairo and Alexandria.
They hope to be here during the early days of
October, when they will be sure to meet with a
hearty welcome.

WINDSOR HOTEL
Largest 1st class and most comfortable
Hotel in Alexandria. Facing the sea
Central position. Under English management.

EXECUTION AT ALEXANDRIA.
NEW EXECUTION CHAMBER USED.

The first execution in the new execution
chamber at Hadra prison took place this
morning, when Danik Bassioumi suffered the
extreme penalty of the law for the murder
on November 25 last, of Mohamed Sakr el 
Ansari at Nahiet Mellaha Daoud (Bebera). 
The execution, being strictly private, was of 
a most orderly character, and was not marked
by any incident. Two minutes before the 
appointed time (7.30 am.) the condemned 
man was led out of his cell and conducted
to the execution chamber (a plain whitewash-
ed-room with a black-painted floor). The man
showed no resistance whatever, but was per- 
ceptibly afraid of his coming doom. Beyond 
repeatedly uttering "Aupa marloum" (“I am
a victim”), however, he made no statement
and on the charge being read out to him
he simply repeated the same ejaculation. He 
was immediately weighed, strapped, and placed 
on the trapdoor, while the black cap was I
put over his head. As this operation was
being performed he was heard to utter some
prayer, while his visage took on a leaden i
hue, due to intense fear.	
At half-past seven precisely, Miralai Hop- 
kinson Bey, Commandant of Police, gave the
signal and Ashmawi, the public executioner,
pulled the lever which launched Danik Bas-
sioumi into eternity. A drop of 1.75 metres
was allowed, death ensuing within seven
seconds. The hoisting of the black flag over
the prison tower indicated to the outside world
that justice had been done.	
The body was afterwards examined by Dr. 
Choucry Bey, the police doctor, as well as the
prison doctor. It was then taken in a prison van,
escorted by a posse of mounted police under 
Sagbolaghasi Waller, to the Government Hos-
pital, where the usual autopsy was made. 
The only persons admitted to be present at 
the execution, besides the police and prison 
officials, were a few members of the Press.
Although the prison contained no less than
1,200 prisoners, an ominous silence was notice
able, not a sound of any kind being heard.
It is interesting to note that while Bassioumi,
on entering the prison, weighed 60 kilos,
at the time of his execution he weighed 8 kilos
more.


MOHAMED ALY CENTENARY.
A MADHOUSE MEMORIAL.

A meeting was held on Sunday afternoon at
the Alexandria Municipality to consider what
steps should be taken to commemorate the
centenary of Mohamed Aly at Alexandria. The
meeting decided that the best scheme to com-
memorate the founder of the Khedivial Dynasty
and the maker of modern Egypt would be to
erect a madhouse! All the subscriptions re-
ceived from private persons are to be devoted
to the memorial.
That Municipality will bear all the expenses
connected with the illuminations in Mohamed
Aly-square and a grant of £1,000 is to
be made for that purpose. If the cost
of the illuminations exceed the grant, the
extra expenses will also be defrayed by the
Municipality in order to keep the illumina-
tions and the memorial totally distinct from
one another.
Tho madhouse is to be an international
institution and will be handed over to be
administered by the Municipality when com-
pleted.

THE MUNICIPAL LANDS.
Tho Alexandria Municipality’s estates at
Chatby and Hadra have been parcelled out
for sale. The Municipality has approved the
scheme of “allotisement," which is only await-
ing the approval of the Government, As
soon as this has been obtained, the sales
will begin. It is expected that this will be
in about two months time.
All the quay estate of the Municipality
has been parcelled out except a few details as
to the Gouvernorat and the land opposite
the old Ramleh station. As soon as these
matters are settled, the lands' will be sold.

THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive will hold a reception at
Ras el Tin Palace on Saturday next. The order
in which visitors will be received will be
published to-morrow.
The Khedivah will hold a reception on the
same day.
His Highness will attend prayers next Fri-
day at the Mosque of Abou el-Abbas.

WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC.
The other evening a meeting was held
at the Italian Consulate in Cairo at which the
Italian Consul, the Governor, and Mansfield
Pasha were present. The object of this meeting
was the discussion of the measures to be
taken against the white slave traffic in Cairo,
and we hear that Adly Pasha Yagher and
Mansfield Pasha will confer with several of
the European consulates, to arrange in concert
with them the measures necessary for the
suppression of this evil.

SUDAN ADMINISTRATION.
Messrs A. N. Wilkinson, L. S. Gorringe,
H. Hellam, and J. Atterbury, inspectors of 
the Slave Trade Department, have been
appointed 2nd class magistrates under the
Sudan Administration.	
Bimbashi L. D. Spencer, 2nd class inspector,
Suskin Province, has been appointed 1st class
judge.

BANDMANN-DALLAS OPERA.
THE EARL AND THE GIRL.
Those who were in England last summer
may remember the “Earl and the Girl" drawing
crowded houses and enjoying such a run of
popular favor, and so they made a point of visit-
ing it at Cairo on Friday night. But the piJo >
is a woful commentary on the mental state of
the British public after dinner; refusing to
think-over or criticise a play, they are appa-
rently content to merely watch and listen,and
that too with a large measure of post-prandial
charity that covers a multitude of shortcom-
ings. From the London performance much had
to be changed on Friday owing to scenic and
other difficulties, but it was only a further
proof that it is essential for these mediocre
musical plays to have a first-rate orchestra, a
large and well-trained chorus, and lavish 
expenditure on stage properties and scenery.
For the principals worked well throughout,
and no one could fail to appreciate Mr. Ralph
Roberts’ excellent humorous efforts, his gro-
tesque impersonation of the Earl in Art II
being some of the best low comedy we have
seen. Mr. O'Connor seems to have a talent for
making love in a variety roles, though we
wish he would let us hear more of the words
of his songs he is lucky that his heroine, for
Miss Corlass plays the part of a fiancee charm-
ingly and thoroughly deserved her floral
tributes. Fot the first time Mr. Mark Lester
had a chance, and he gave a capital rendering
of Downham, whilst his songs, especially ”The
Man Behind,” greatly pleased the audience.
Miss Morra made the most of “Sammy”
(though the same cannot be said of the occu-
pants of the favored box!), while vocal
honors fell to Miss Nina Leslie, who showed
great technique and musical skill in her singing
of "The Nightingale’s Trill.”
We would advise the manager in future
to omit the song “Zanzibar,” which cannot be
a success without the chorus and properties
that helped to enhance it at the Vaudeville
Theatre.


SHEM EN-NESSIM AT CAIRO. 
The weather was most favorable to holiday-
making round Cairo on Monday and large
numbers of excursionists visited the Pyramids
and Helouan, while the Barrage was literally
overrun by crowds of Europeans and Arabs.
The river steamers and the trains which ran at
short intervals from Cairo were literally pack-
ed. Many of the excursion trains numbered
22 carriages and were drawn by two loco-
motives, and the crowds in the station were
extraordinarily large and amusingly mixed,
numbers of the employes from the European
shops, soldiers, conjurors, dancing-girls,
fortune-tellers, — in short, samples of every
class of the population of Cairo being on
view there.
In spite of the numbers of the trippers who
set out for the Barrage the railway authorities
handled the throngs with remarkable success.
The trains left to tho minute, room being found
up to the last minute for late arrivals, and the
patience and good temper of both the crowds
and the platform authorities deserved special
mention. Whatever may have been urged
against the Railway Administration in the
past, it is evident that in dealing with holiday
traffic it has learned all that can be learned,
and we doubt whether any London station
authorities could deal more successfully with
trippers than their Cairo comrades.

THE HOLY CITY.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE
Dear Mr. Editor, — I am very sorry my
remarks in your issue of Friday last offended
the pious sentiments of the “Trio”—Ex-Choir-
master,” “Tantum Religio" and “Anglicanus" 
—whether they be gentlemen in Black, Blue,
Red or Tweed. If the first, perhaps they will 
practise what they preach. Their letters are
somewhat abusive, and add to this the “Ex 
Choirmaster's", sarcasm regarding the “aug 
mented choir’s” prodigality of time is rather 
out of place. He no doubt thinks “prodigality”
and “shekels” should go hand in hand, espe- 
cially at Easter-time!
I also particularly desire to state that I did
not wish it to be inferred that any one desired
invidious praise, but that something more
might have been said in the first report regard-
ing the cantats. I have since heard that the
“criticism” was left to one considered the most
capable. Better, I think, if it never appeared,for
such a "musicianly" effort (such detail and
accuracy in every sense) is simply marvellous.
Apologising for again troubling you, and
with the assurance that I shall not do so again
on this matter, not even if smitten with
Samson's weapons—I am, etc, ACCORD.
Alexandria, May 1.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The S.S. “Creole Prince" left London on
Saturday with passengers and general cargo for
Malta and Alexandria.
The S.S. "Spartan Prince" arrived in Man-
chester from Alexandria yesterday.
The Moss liner “Rameses” arrived at Liver-
pool on Sunday.
The Moss liner "Seti” sailed from Malta
yesterday morning and is due here on Thurs-
day afternoon.
The Ellerman S.S. “Athenian" sailed from
Liverpool on Saturday for Swansea, Malta and
Alexandria.
The Ellerman S.S. “Fabian” from Alexan-
dria, arrived at Liverpool on Sunday.

GRAND HOTEL BONNARD,
ALEXANDRIA.
8p. PER DAY. WINE INCLUDED.

NOTES FROM PORT SAID.
BAD WEATHER.
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Sunday.
Last evening a breeze sprang up from the
N.E. By midnight it was blowing half a gale
and a strong surface current was running into
the harbour. The harbour of Port Said is quite
unprotected from all winds from N.E. to E. by
S., and the result is that a heavy sea soon
gets up in the port, and frequently many
accidents occur when these winds are pre-
valent.
At 2 a.m. a large ship, the “Aladdin,”
coming into the harbour from sea, doubtless
on account of the current sheared about
the channel, and in her erratic course,
collided with a Turkish steamer, the “Mecca,"
at once started to drag, but the officers very
smartly sent ropes to the nearest buoy and
held her till such time as assistance could be
sent when she was tied up as securely as
ever.
This morning, about 10' o’clock, a big
barge laden with timber, a local craft, was
proceeding to sea, but soon after leaving the
shelter of the inner harbour, she was struck
hy several heavy seas, which in a very short
time filled her. Her cargo being planks of pine
she could not sink, but she might easily, had it
not been for the prompt aid given her by the
Government Harbour department, have broken
up in a few minutes.
Now, at 3 p.m., the weather is inclined to
moderate, and the wind may go round
to the south, in which case, particularly as
we are supported to be in the thick of the
khamseen season, we may look for another
“roasting” such as we had only a week back,
when in many places the thermometer regis-
tered well past 10Q deg. Fahr. in the shade.


THE S.S. "CANDLESHOE" .
The work of discharging this vessel still
goes on. The entire contents of the flooded
hold are quite ruined and will in all probability
have to be destroyed as unfit for use. Surveys
are to be held on the vessel when the hold is
empty, some time next week.

THE S.S. "CONGAL”
The work of constructing the caisson round
the S.S. “Congal" with the view of eventually
raising her by means of pumps, still goes on;
and it is hoped that in a month from now
this disgrace to the harbour, and the Canal
Company in particular, will have been removed.
The vessel, which collided with her, the
“Craftsman,” has already made two Indian
trips since the incident, and the "Congal” still
remains.

THE SUEZ CANAL PILOT
It appears that the article published in the
“Egyptian Gazette” some two months ago,
anent the gross disproportion of Greek and
other pilots in the service as compared to the
8% who are British, is likely in the near
future to bring forth fruit.
I have it on authority on which I place
great reliance, that a certain British admi-
nistrator of the Canal Company, on reading
“Fairplay,” which copied the article I men-
tion, set himself to make enquiries, with
the result that, my informant tells me, before
very long we may hope to see more British
officers here, and I venture to say, fewer
troubles and difficulties with shipmasters in
consequences. The latter are often, it appears,
by no means pleased at the way in which 
their ships are handled.

WEDDING.
The marriage of Mr. Dormoy, chief engineer
of the Suez Canal Company’s ateliers, to Mlle
Kirchesner was celebrated last evening at the
Church of St. Eugenie, in the presence of the
Governor, who is an intimate friend of both
families, and many, if not all, the chiefs
of the Suez Canal Company, besides a large
concourse of other friends. A largely attended
reception was held afterwards at the Conti-
nental Hotel, and the festivities were kept up
to a late hour.

NATIVE CRAFT ASHORE.
Port Said, Tuesday.
In consequence of the bad weather yester-
day, a native craft went ashore west of
the breakwater and was dismantled. No lives
were lost, the boat being towed in at night.
The weather is fine today.

THE BANDMANN COMPANY.
Port Said, Tuesday.
The Bandmann-Dallas opera company ar-
rived from Cairo to-day and will make their
appearance tonight at the El Dorado Theatre
in “A Country Girl.”

ARLTON H0TEL.
Bulkeley, Ramleh.
iwsai-w	sejeiu**.
..	*h» r***** rouad
v»Wt	mu

