I'iiuCliI.ES IN IiTJSSI
|l Kill 1,11 S LRU I US RIO
u:Mmj>_vic nits.
»	Warsaw, Maj
, i number *>f killed yesterday was 6
iy ‘ .mle<( Iiaib ibly nearly 200. Thu ai
i,., ii;,' to Jay is increasing, Tho Nation
U .* manged the usual demonstrations.
- iuufi tt’ro in an ugly and unci
. The workmen at all tho lactones
(R<
Warsaw, M“J
t'hfi l’oliih patriotic demonstration her
eihoop,has. dispersed bj' tho Com
ndayWictimsk will ho buried secret
-Jit. *N’ •	(Re
Z'	Lunz, May
Further sotioUs riots h’avo taken place
aesterday, the troops tired int. tho c;
silni.g-aud wounding many. Fighting is
reported at Grodno, where there is a ge
strike ol th6 workmen.	(Jlct
Warsaw, May
The number oi deaths tho day before >i
lay'Was 62 aud. of wounded 200. (IRi
? THE BALTIC FLEET.
NOT IN FRENCH WATERS.
Paris, May
lu reply to,an iufonuri representation oi
. lp.iiu e Legation last Monday,- liiofFic
i Utico’ ltuiinated that it believed
vessels Inul quiUcH Kienvh water
,	.	{Hem
. • .	I’Alft', May ;
Nl N^itotio, Japanese Minister, askod
• , i.-try lor Foreign ^Ilarrs whether the J
-~iu inuadrou waayull iu French waters.
I'VIM-'I a reply m the negative. <JJav
IA. L CAL AND GENFRA
[.,«*« Mkna Housk Hotel will close for
l) 10. season on Monday next, 8th inst
The P.'iSfc Ot mail steamer 'Tsis” arri
fty 3	' at Alexandria from Port'8aid this- morninj
62 and orl*or t0 h® dry docked,
anxiety	*
Dualist* Stbav and Ow.xkhi.ess Doos found in
a The 2c*toun district at dawn to-morrow will
icertuiu poisoned by the police,
is have	•	i
neuter.) Popular ’University.—M. George B1
wiil lecture at tho university on Saturday
**)'.3-	9.1o p m. on ' La Massiere" by Jules Lemalt
ere this	,
Sanitary Dljt. M. Khalil Haddad i
tenter *ICCU authorised to practise as pharmacist, a
Messrs. Panayotti G. Sakellariou and Socr
ty 3 Lugyudakis as physicians.
»here.	*
crowd, A. S. C.—Tho second day of the Alexand
is also Spirting Club's, lirst Summer Meeting p
Ijeiujai muses , to be a great suooess. The Khed
'eruter.j has anuonnce.1 his* inteution of houori
the races with his presence,
ty 3.	,
St. George's Day.—There will be high mi
vat' and a ,‘Te Deum" will bo sung at the Grei
Orthodox Cathedral on Saturday next, as. il
St. George's Day in the Orthodox calendar a
the name day of the king of the Hellenes.
Suez CanAl.—16' vessels passed throu
■ 3 the Canal on the '.’Sth aud 29th ulto., 10
Of the w*,lc*1 "urB HriLish, 3 French, 2 German,
h'rouch Norwegian. The receipts for the two iL
Ji°"Ui were fra 157,200.-0 and'for the mouth
[<jr3 '' ' April In. 9,666,604.94.
SALVAGE OPERATIONS ON- SHI Pi
ToKio, May i
'1 Lir -aiviige operations on Kassiau met
war nunk at Port Arthur Ate progressing st
"tac'.oriiy. It is bohevc'l that several battles!
and cruisers ca^ be secured.	(Rent
CHINAS NEUTRALITY.
NOTE FROM GREAT BRITAIN.
London. May 3.
The "Mmii'tlg Post" liams from Washing!
that Great Lritam has undressed 'a note wa
ing Chii a in identical terms to that of I
United Stat'es, impressing1 on the Goverumt
the necessity lor a strict leutrality. t lUute
A1 NOTABLE EVENT.
4	Paths, May 3.
General McCormick, the now American An
lui-sidiT to France, when presenting his ert
dciititils to President l<uubet, said that be n
I juiced at tile lievelopment of the ideas whic.
' l«--r . t ho rupprCchi-uient of France uud th
Mother l.'ouniiy ol V.iuericana Au allusion c
I tin- character Ly an Ambassador ou such a
I <» V'"'i| '■ most unusual, aud it is regarded a
tiic weightiest expression ol American feeling.
( Rent*
,. M. Miltiades Papadakis, judge in the Tri-
,. bunal of 1st lustanoe at Sparta, will probably
be appointed president of the Hellenic Cun-
1, sular Court at Alexandria, in succession to
B M. Dimaras, who has been made Gieek Con-
,f sul at Adrianople.
We hear that theril will be dancing at Mrs.
Cbataway's garden party to-morrow afternoon
St .nA.it Kirdm.*
READ FOR SECOND TIME j
London, May 3.
It--, -i:	C<‘MHOS' -The Aliens Bill has
becii led for thu sac ml, time by 211 votes to
1 M. Baliour declared : ‘ Wo are amply
punned in determining the conditions under
\ which we would or wt>uldL,not admit the
' ’. c.'.ioiM of other nations.”	_	_ ( Reuter.
tMPiiir'iv rnrrnv
i • LAIE PLANTING.. i
.	New York, May 3.
private investigation- shows that
-■‘•'wa ij." ;;-c iu th» United States is a fort-
i‘*shi ..•>'■■.-.nun ikiihI. Tlio average plantation
i- reduced by pi ■ ajid I. m is being’ expended
on fertiliser!!. .Hie low temperatures have boon
unfavorable.	(Reuter.)
NEW.MARKET RACES.
THE TWO THOUSAND GUINEAS.
4, Vfedas ; 2, Siguotitio 3, Ll.tngibby.
13 ran. Belting:	11 to 2 against Vedas ;
2.1 tQ .I against Signorinn” *4 to 1 against
I.lungtbby Won by 2 lengths. A bea>l between
2nd and 3rd. .	_	<Reuter.
KING OF SAXONY IN VIENNA.
Vienna, May 3.
'The King of Saxony is on a visit to the
Emperor.	(Renat.)
tutKiai TiiKATRK'A-Tbe halian theatric
,	company under the direction ol Sig. Giusepi
Gray will give its- first periormauce on tl
(5th or' 16rii iust at the hsbekieh Gar.It
jje 1 heatre. Lv Mail re det Rvryes wiil be the fin
Ui/ piece given, with Liicretia Ruri/ia, a one ai
,	vaudeville.
, EaviT and Palestine. — Some importai
traces of the old connection between Egy)
and Palestine are di-eiuiwed iu the anuui
report of the Palestine Exploration Fund o
the subject of the Gnzi explorations. La.
year au important discovery was tna<le thei
-of- oi scarabs and scarab seals, iucludmg many <
,ti»-. the llyksos period aud a scarab of Ameubote
ups 111. aud bio (j .eon. There were also other di
er ) coweries ail tending to show the close, conne.
tiou between ^Palestine aud Egypt'in, the tin
oi the Hyksos (Shepherd kings )	.
L'KRSUIAIyj A,\U oOUlAi.
)■ We regret to annjlince the death of Moha-
;ton med Zeky Pasha, utclo of the President of the
irn- Council of Ministers, Mustapha Pasha Fehmy,
the which occorred yesterday at Cairo.
Bogbos Pasha Nuba* leaves Egypt for Rome
on the 29th iust to represent the khedivial
Government at the international Agricultural
Congress, which will hold its first meeting on
the 2»tb inst. under the presidency of H. M.
the king of Italy.
- The following visitors are staying at the
Beau-Riyage Hotel, Ramleh : Mr. and Mrs. It.
May, Captaiffand Mrs. W. H. Rotheram, Mr.
tend Mrs. L. Davis, Mrs. A. Miller and family,
Mr.J. W. Dart, Mr. and E. Tisaeau, Mr. aim
Mrs. Bisile l Calouta, Mr. and Mrs. F. Burley,
y, Mrs. J. II. Panar and courier, the Misses'
M FarraY, Miss Lewis Stewart, Miss M. Young,
ly Miss L Wurmor, Mr. aud Mrs. E. Herbert, Mr.
sr R. Ahrab, Mias T. H. Bird, Miss-M. Soulic,
1B Miss A. Mason, andMr.audMrs. J. KMarshall
aud tamily.
OBITUARY.
MAITRE PaUL RUELENS.
We deeply regtet to announce the death of
Maitre Paul Rueleus, the well-known Belgian-
barrister of the Mixed Court of Appeal at
Alexandria. Tho deceased had to relinquish a
largo and lucrative practice at the Bar iu
December, 1903, owing to dropsy. The malady
confined him to his house for the past
seventeen months. About three weeks ago
he became dangerously ill and succumbed yes-
terday afternoon.
Maitre Ruolens was born on March 14,
1849, at Brussels, where his father held the
post of chief libranau to the Belgian National
Library. He was educatedat the University of
Brussels and was called to tho Bar there in
187(2. In 1885 he oame out to Egypt, where he
soon obtained an excellent legal practice. He
Wi a profound knowledge of law and was a
very clever advocate, being olten appealed to
by bis follow-barnsters lontovico on difficult
points of law. He was very^wpniar in his own
profession, and his geniality aud goodness of
heart endeared him to a large circle of friends.
We beg to tedder our sincere sympathies to
bis widow and only son; M. Charles Huelens,
in their bereavement The funeral took place
this moniiDg.
1, THE KHEDIVE
tho	ARRIVAL AT. ALEXANDRIA.
H.H. the Khedive left Cairo at 7.45 o'clock
this morning f r Alexandria. Guards of . honor
^ choion frutu tho Egyptian Army aud tho Army
' m of1 Occupation fccru present at tho station to
■pay the usual) honors, and the Railway Ad
, j ministration hid taken great paina to deoorato
tho iuterior aid exterior of the station bnild-
™ *ings with excelleut results. A great number of
prominent officials and notables, with many re-
presentatives ijf the Press, were present, besides
urn all the Ministers, the Advisere and Under
at Secretaries ot State, heads of departments, etc.
re. His Highness arrived at the station from
Koubbeh by special train shortly after half-
^ past seven and immediately left the train,
nil standing for sumetimeou the platform,oonveri-
atc W‘t*1 ,*le Ministers andAdvisera, and many
of tbb notables present.
The guards of honor were drawn up within
the station, the luniskillings on one platform
ria and tho Egyptian troops on the other, and
ro- the Khedivial salute was'given as his Highness
ive entered and leit the station, a salute of 21
»g guns being, fired from the Citadel as the
train steamed out.
Major Blakeney, R.E., and Messrs. Cotterill,
kSS Peacock . and Trevithick travelled in the ,
jk. Khedivial train, wlhich arrived; at the Mohai- (
;s rein B.-y terminns punctually to the minute ,
ml at 11.30 o'clock, aud a salute of 21 guns from ]
Kom el Dik aunouncei the arrival of the
train. 'Ihe station had been very tastefully
, decorated in honor .of the occasion aud there
K . wbs a beautiful display of shrubs and bunting.
0 A large ami representative gathering of Euro |
peuu aud native notables were assembled on ,
tho platfurm to jjreet his Highness, who on j
u detraining, walked np the platform, cordially
shaking inany-of thoso present by the hand.
Outside thO station a guard of honor of
a Egyptian troops, composod of 100 non-com
^ aioncd officers aud men,the battalion oofourgtnd
Je the Infantry baud, was paraded, and a similar
guard of honor'from the British garrison was
“l also paraded.
cl The Khedive, cfo leaving the statiop,inspect-
ed the two guarils of honor aud tlieu drove *
[it off to lias el Tin Palace,escorted by his body >
guard. 'I he streets ou the liue of route to the
al Palace' were gaily decorated with tfaga and
iu bunting, aud Cherif Pa-ha street presented a
at most animated appearance,
re The Khedive was accompanied by his
ul Ministers and the members ot his household, e
'P H.H. the Khedivah left Cairo at 8 a.m. for d
s Montszah, where her Highness arrived at
c- 12.15 p.m.
10 ------------------------ ' 4
H. II. the Khedive has promised Sayed el-
Bakri that he will atteud the religious cere-
mony to bo held at Abbassieh on the birthday r
of the Prophet
After the close of Tuesday’s reception H.H.
the Khedive gave audience to M. Toussaint \
Je Caueri, who preseuted his Highness with a
o py of his e»ay on the establishment of a r
municipality at Cairo.
H.H. the Khedive has conferred the 3rd *
class of the order of tho Osmanieh on M. B. r
le Moritr, director of the Khedivial Library, and „
al tiie 4th class of the same order on El Said
al Mohamed Ali el Biblaoui, sub-director.	^
*• The following is the order in which visitors ^
will bo received at the Khedivial reoeption to p
be held at Ras-el-Tin Palace on Saturday t.
i- next.— '	u
ly At 'Ja.m.— T, H. the Princes of the Khe- £
a divial Family ; tbe Ulema; the beads of State 'j
Administrations.	^
in At 'J.dtt a.m.— The Mixed Magistracy ; tbe t
Nativt^ Magistracy ; naval aud army officers j,
ot the rank of Bimbashi and upwards ; civil f,
b. officials.
n At I'ta.m.— Unofficial military and civil a
personages having the rank of Lewa or Oula ,
Sinf Saui and upwards, naval and army
le officers unattached and on tbe retired list
{ having the rank of Kaimakam or Miralai ;
r‘ unofficial civil Beys having the rank of
^ Suuieb and upwards; the Municipal Com r
(| inia«jpn.	J)	-
Y At 10.30 a.m.— The Diplomatic and Cotuu
^ lar Corps.	j
^ -ft 10.45 a.m.— Field officers of tho Army a
r of Occnpation; the clergy.	3
^ At 11 a.m.-e- Native notables ; European
II notables.
This reception is reserved to persons resid-
ing in Alexandria.
Ihe military will attend in undress uniform
and civilians in frock coats (redingoto).	,
The civil officials admitted to this receptirn .j,
are those haviug at least the rank of sub s
director or an equivalent rank, and tho-e
having at least tbe grade of Sanioh or of
it Kaimakam (military), and the magistrates ap-
a pointed by decree.
in ’P16 Khedivah will also hold a reoeption at
ly the P.iluce on Saturday. Tho Princesses of
,t 1,18 Khedivial Family aud native ladies will
[0 be revived from -10 to 11.30 a.m., and ,
a European ladies from 4 to 6 p.m.
DD11D, J.nun3JJAI, MAI 4t 19U5,
CONSTANTINOPLE NOTES.
k	PRINCE MOHAMED ALY.
(From ocr Correspondent).
cloc*	Constantinople, April 23.
honor H.H. Prinoe Mohamed Aly, brother of H.H.
^rmy the Khedive, wont on Friday last to V ildii
on to Kiosk, to attend the ceremony of the Selamlik.
f On this ocoasion, tho Sultan was pleased to
orato bestow ou him thepUqueen brillants of the
mild- •,Iftihar.”His Highness has also been promoted
>er °* to the rank of marshal in the Ottoman Army.
»y r0" Irzot Bey, secretary for the Khedive’s Turk-
<ftdcs bureau, has received the Grand Cordon of
Inder ^he Osmanieh, and Mansur Sidki Boy, private
i Qtc- secretarj- of Prince Mohamed Aly, the third
^ma> class of tho Medjidieh.
h*lf- Prince Mohamed Aly paid a visit on
Tuesday last to M. Constans, French Am-
iver<- bassador at Constantinople. His Highness left
BW|y yesterday by the Orient oxprees for Vienna
and Paris.
ithin	____-	•	■ K 1
form M. MAXIMOFP'S SUCCESSOR.
and M. Smirnoff, the newly-appointed Russian
u,eM Diplomitio Agent at Cairo, arrived here last
Df J*1 week on his way to take up his new post,
tho Before his departure, ho had an interview with
M. Zinowieu, Russian Ambassador here. M.
arilb Maximoff, formerly Russian Diplomatic Agent
(hB at Cairo, [who has been appointed Minister at
jhat- Cettigue, is already here. After a stay of a few
nD,° weeks in onr city, he will leave for 8l Peters-
from burg, whence he will prooeed to Montenegro,
the	----
ful>y RUSSIAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
*!ere There have been some changas in tho stoam-
ship companies in onr town. M. Ciidan has
'uru been appointed assistant agont of the Russian
. 011 Company at Alexandria. He has already left
? °n for his new post. M. A. Petropoulo, assistant
1 i- agout at Alexandria, has been appointed as ,
lU1<such here, and is expected to arrive shortly,
r of	________
■omi , RUSSIAN REFUGEES AT SUEZ. ,
"*	mi
(From our Correspondent).	qq,
Suez, Wednesday.	lit
TLe S.S. "Swanley,” chartenxl by the Rus-
sian Government, arrived at Suez yesterday
evening at 7 o'clock from Shanghai with 1,107
Russian refugees on board. The vessel entered
the Canal late last night bound to Odessa.
____________________________	nij
LORD MILNER	AT	ALEXANDRIA.	®U‘
,■	tio
Lord Milner returned to Cairo from Assouan
early this morning and will arrive at Alex ah- J°
dria this evening.	^
THE HOLY	CARPET.	M«
,	’	,	Mi
The Holy Carpet will have purged its qua-
routine at Tor on Monday next. It will arrive yo
at Suez the following day and at Cairo on
Wodueiday. The ceremony of the return ot ^
the Mahmal will take place at Cairo on Tbure- ^
day, 11th inst Mustapha Pasha Pehmy will 1-
represent the Khedive.
' The following version of the recent trouble
appears in “Al Lewa,". which declares that it gt
received it from a good source :—	^
Whefi the pilgrims reached a station called jjr
“Al Kamra," ou the morning of the day in 8jj
question, the soldiers went to the market,
which contains 700 Bedouins, all well armed. r
One of the soldiers bought a packet of tobaooo the
from a Bedouin but would not give him tho ^
prioe asked for. The Bedouin hesitated to give
the soldier tho packet of tobaooo, and the ^
latter thereupon became irritated, and gave the M
Bedouin a blow which threw him to the ground. ^
Toe Bedouin got np and gave the soldier a S0Q
beating which injured him severely. Afterwards
the Bedouins took np a position behind the ^
hills, aud firing ensued between the two sides jjd
for two hours. The lossee were 26 soldiers ^
injured, 4 killed, and 10 pilgrims, 6 horses, q|- ,
and 12 camels killed Ten or twelve Bfedouins
were injured.	an(
KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB. d°'
KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB. dor®
The following is the result of yesterday’s
wgatta. -	R
Class I.
Boat. Start. Finish. Sailed by.
1	Tier el Mina	2.56.18	4.26 22	Capt Borg.	tion
2	Coot	2.57.06	4.27.58	A. S. Preston.	WU1
3	Leman	3.05.19	4.29 05	F. de Plauta.	per
Banshee	3.07.18	4.29.17	J. McClure.
Jenuy	2.57.25	4.30.85	8. Dorling.	Por1
Minnie	gave	up.	N.W.deCourcy.	mac
Celtib	gavo	up.	Lieut. Bassett.	and
Class II.	havt
1 Calypso	3.26.21	5.12.11	Dr. Rudolph.	capi
1 La urea	3.37.45	5.17.12	Prinoe Aziz.	the
J Gumrook	8.25.36	5.19.58	Chitty Bey.	hala
Masr	3.28.45	5.21.18	Mr. Fransis,	off
St. George	3.27.08	5.23.14	Maj. Foot ham.
Jessica	8.17.14	5.24.50	Grafton Bey.
Akraba	3.19.25	5.25.53	Sag. Phillips.
Ironie	gave	up.	Mr. Girard,
Tantah	gave	up.	Mr. PenderL
The wind was moderate from the N. W. yWb
during the greater part of the afternoon. Tl
The "Minnie" unfortunately carried away her yre
bob stay and bowsprit and therefore gave np. ^
The sea outside was very moderate and no
doubt in Class II. the “Lanrea" would have IJj
oome in first if she had not been beset with
a chapter of accidents, such as carrying away
her main sheet, top mast stay, and throat ^
halyards, and eventually her topmast broke **r
off altogether. However, she oarried on and
after clearing away all the wreckage managed _____
10 get second plaoe.	g|
MOHAMED ALY MEMORIAL.
THE MADHOUSE SCHEME.
A correspondent writes :—
"The idea oi oelebrating tho centenary of the
fonnder of the Khedivial Dynasty, and of a
man who was undoubtedly ono of the groat
figures of history during the past oentnry, by
the construction of a madhouse, is deoidedly
original, and the originator of. the scheme
deserves', to bo warmly congratulated on his
sense of humour. It is stated by tho advocates
of tho project that specelatipn is so mnch on
the increase at Alexandria, and has taken
such a strong hold ou all classes, that if a
crash did oome, the existing accommodation
for the insano in tho Government Hospital,
would be ridiculously small to accommodate
the vast number of lunatics who would be
thrqwn upon the town.
"Th£ prospect is not a pleasing one to oon-
template, and it is sincerely to be hoped that
tbe awful eventuality may not come to pass.
Bnteven if a crash were likely to, fill the
! streets with crowds of maddened speculators,
I fail to see that there 'is any necessity for
such an inappropriate memorial to tho great
Pasha as a madhouse. Tho Government is
considering the construction of a large Kinetic
asylum; plans are now being prepared, and
although the site has not yet beet^choeen, it
will in all probability be situated somewhere
between Alexandria and Cairo. Why then
should Alexandrians go ont ijf theiY way to
subeoribe for an inatitatioh.wbioTf ought to be
undertaken by the Government, and when we
know that tho foundation of such an asylum is
now under consideration by tho Government 1
In memorials, dependent on pnblio subscript
tions, it is one of the essentials of sneoess that
tho object for which the subscribers’ donations
are asked should strike the imagination to
a certain dogree and also be appropriate,
quit memorial, to tho man in whpse honor
it is erected. Why then a madhouse 1. Surely
many other far more attractive memorials
could bo found, such for instance as a public
library f1
IRISH DINNER AT CAIRO.
8
CHBONIQOE FINANCIEBE
C«tt, domiira qoipnin, l tU ntnrlfl p»r
les fetes de Piques et peut-itre fant-il s’en
A-liciter, car bien dee positions ddjk embaras-
--------	Just
An "Irish dinner" was held on Tuesday notr
night at Shepheard’s Hotel and was a great 900
suooess in every way, the arrangements, deoora- tr*Tl
tions, aud meun being greatly appreciated by
all who were present Tue chair was taken by .
Johnson Pasha, and among the Irishmen who n
took part in the dinner were Dr. Keatinge,
Mr. Verschoyle, CoL Atkinson, Major Donegmn, „_|n
Mr. Adams, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Macloughlin, j. i,
Mr. Langley, Mr. Weldon (to whose excellent men,
arrangements mnch of the snooesa of the iAjn
evening was doe), Mr. Villiere-Stuart, Mr. ITZ.
Young, Mr. O'Sullivan, and many others.
After the usual loyal and patriotic toasts t;onr
had been honored, speeches were delivered by oonr(
the chairman and a large proportion of the
Irishmen present, and were received with un-
animous applause. It was decided to form an aoraj
Irish Dinner Club, whioh should meet every qi^.
St Patriok's Day, and all present bound them- my;,
selves to spare no paina to obtain Irish recruits. olaoe
Mr. Langley was elected nem. eon. to the pro- {Lr
sidenoy of the olub, Mr. Weldon being nn-
animontly chosen as secretary.
The communicative glow which illumined jJ"*?
the banquet was so dazzling as to make any ^
aooonnt of the many speeches delivered a m0Q,
difficult task. The tosist of "Ireland" ' was
reoeived with immense enthusiasm, and, speech-
as over, mnsio of a thoroughly national Ec
character followed. Among the many excellent impo
wngs, a topioal version of “Peai^ Peaoe," by 13 5
Major Donegsn, made a great hit, whits Mr. Ec
Adams proved in excellent voice, and the party 29 9;
did not break np till long after midnight, la vs
The thanks of all present are due to the band Fond
of tbe 2nd Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, whose torn!
programme included a large number of national	Oi
and patriotic airs which were admirably ran- Salt
dored.	' ' -• oharj
-------	de la
PORT SAID SALT ASSOCIATION. P0^
——- *	et oM
In reference to the report of the Port Seid p<jn ,
Salt Association, whioh was published in yet- ggyp
t»rday’i issue ot the "Gazette," we may men- cidtd
tion that^an issue of 92,500 ten shilling shares aaoa
will shortly take place at the rate ot 12s 6d. flrm(<
per share. The object of this increase of - R,
capital is to enable the oompahy to fit np the. jnsqt
Port Said salt works with all the latest 1 31,
machinery and appliances for the extraction la q
and refinement of salt The old shareholders denx
have already subscribed a portion of the Invei
capital, whioh has been reserved for them, aqd de d
the balance will be offered to the pnblio. This oonU
balance has already been oovered by asyndicate par L
of guarantors.	ont i
----------	dnT
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.	cepti
The Mouageriea' Maritime* 8.S. "Congo’* °®tt«
arrived at Marseilles from Alexandria'kt 5 am- tuent
jreaterday.	1« *
Tbe 8.8. "City of Cambridge” will leave for prood
Liverpool on the 10th inst	*0 fo
------- ■ ■	(idols
fdlicitor, car bien dee positions ddjk embaras-
1 sdee n’auraiont pas manqnd do se sureharger
1 enoore si la salutaire inaction 'dee vaoanoee
t n’«5tait venne k point paralyser les transactions. .
' MalgrtS oet arrut opportun des affaires, les
’ liquidations de fin da mois ont 06 excessive-
1 meat laborieases, pour ne pas dire ddsastreu-
1 see. Certains agents laissent vraiment trap de
1 latitude k lean remisiors et se contentont de
1 marges par trop insuffisantoe, de .telle sorte
1 qu’k l’dchcanco lean clients n’ayant pas lea
. moyens de prendre livraison des titres qn’ils ont
achetds se voient contraints de liqnider k n’im-
1. ports quel prix. Les ventes qoi en rdsnltent
1 mottont dvidemmsnt les achetenre en dreil et
1 cdux-ci tonjours k l’affht des bonnes occasions
aident h casser les oonrs poor acheter onauite k
■ meillenr compte.
Le retard apportd an rbglement dee non-
velles Emissions pkse lourdement snr le marchd
1 et constitue une des prinoipales causes de la
, faibleese actuelle. On a pu voir, en effot, qae
-	les positions fin de mois en actions de premier
: ordre dtaient normalee, ce qui a maintenu
1 pour ces valours une fermetd relative. Ce sont
1 les titree nouvellement dmis qni ayant exorod
1 sur lk spdoulation hne fascination’ malsaine
1 Font entralnde hors de touts limits. De petite
1 capitalists*, comptant que les titree en qaeition
ne poarraient fitre livrds que dans on laps de
temps oonsiddrable, se' sont imprudemment
engagds et, l’dvdnement ayant devanod lours
1 prdvisions, ont d(t liqnider aveo des pertea
i dnormes., Cette - rapiditd dans l’arrivde dea
titres de l’lnveetment dont il convient de fdli-
citer ici les promoteure et l'Anglo Egyptian
Bank a demo dtd pour le* imprdvoyants une -
i ddsagrdable surprise.
Maintonant le groe de Forage estpassd;
rdalisations et liquidations pourront bien oon-
-	tinner enoore quclquesjonrs, maisle* poriiioha
se tronvant alldgdes, le* oours ne tarderont pas
1 k reprendre. Espdroos, pour que de pareille*
i liquidations ne so roproduiaent pas, qu'on se
moddrera ddsormais en affaires k terrno et que .
les titres en sospens, tela que les Estates, les
Trust et le* General Trust seront bientot rdglds.
Jusque-li un nuage ne oessera de planer snr
notre place qui ne pourra vraiment reprendre
son essor qu'une fois ddgagde de tontea oet en-
traves. Il fiaat s'attendre, sans donte, k an
noavean roonl k l’arrivde des titres; beauooup
d'imprdvoyants se trouveront sacrifids ; maia il
ii'ya pas d’autre* moyens d’asaainir la place.
Commeai tons oes ddsagrdments ne snffi-
saient pas, nombre d’agence* d$ deuxidme
ordre se font tirer l'oreille pour le rdglement
de lean affaire* et ce sont les agenoee vrai-
ment sdrieusee qui doivent en snpporter les oon-
sdquencee. Anssi beauooup de maisons de eour-
tage rdclament-ellea instamment on "Clearing
House” sur le moddle de oolui qui ddjk (one-
tionno au Cairo. On obfecte, il est vrei, que les
courtiers du Cairo ont tons nn capital ddolard,
tandis que pins d’un tiers de oeux d'Alex-
andrie n’ayant pas tin presqne pas da oapital,
auraient des difficnltda inoessantes aveo la
Clearing House; maia cette objection mime
milito en favour de Fadoption du systdme. La
plaoe d'Alexandrie ne peut qne gagner k on
petit nettoyage et le noavean oonritd de FAs-
sociation des oourtiers en valour* Fa si bien
oompris qn'il prdpare un rdglement pour mettre
los choses au point
Les valenrs qni ont donnd lieu aux’plus forts
mouveinents pendant oette quinxaine sont
l’Agrioole, la Dai'ta, la Balt & Soda et l'lnvert-
ment
1 Agricole lee transactions sont toujour*
irtantes. On ouvre k 18 8/8 et touohe
/8 pour finir 4 18 1/9.
1 Daira le oours monte de 97 16/16 k
116, maia de fortes realisation* ramdnent
Jeur k 28 18/16. De aon oOtd la Part de
latenr monte de 164 £ k 180 pour re-
ar en olfiture k 174.
1 a dohangd joumellement des milliera da
& Soda. De nombreuse* positions sur
(des liquidout et las oapitiliste* profitent
baisse qui en rtsnlte ponr garnir lanrs
ifeuilles. On debate k 89, fleohit k 84/6
Itare k 35. On a beauoonp parld d’nn oou-
nddiocre et do proohain dtablissement en
ite, k Zagazig et k Munson rah, d’nne so-
anglaise d'Hnileries et Savonneries, mais
ne de ces noovelles n’est enoore oon-
e.
19 3/16 Fin vestment fldchit graduellement
t'k 1 18/16 poor reprendre en cldtnre k
32 achetoara. On a t'changd darant touts
ninzaine d'dnonnos paqnots de titre*. Lea
proeds, intonte* contra The Egyptian
itment et Agency Limited en palemeut
tommages intdrOte, par dee pereonnee md-
mtea de la repartition dee actions dmises
a dite aocidtd et non &vorisdea par olle,
id jugdsmardi par laChambra Commerciale
ribonal. La sooidtd avait aonlevd nne ex-
on d’irreoevabilite de l’instanoe introdnite
Bs.dites personnea, ayant ddolard que
instance devait dtre dirigde pereonnellc
oontre les direotenre k Londres anxquels
mscriptenre aV-taient adreasde et qui ont
(Id k la repartition. Bile a en ontre oonolu
od an rejet de la demande. Le Tribunal a
rd race vable Fins tan oe dont a’agit, ayant
id qne les aotee des direotonrs on adminis-
nre ont engagd la Sooidtd, pnisqn'tl* ont
tits dans son intdrdt; mats il a rqjetd la
mde an fond, ayant ddolard que la dite
ltd est rdgie par les lois anglaise*; qne oes
it notamment la derniire ddnommde "Tha
ponies Aot 1900" n’ont pa* dtd violdM,
in'elle* aooordent anx direotenre at ad-
itrateurs une Ubertd oomplkte dans Fat-
tion des aotions; que la Sooidtd aagi
la pldnitude de ses droits en faisant la
tition dee actions oomme elle Fa entandu
«les terms* dn prospectus et de |a da.
lo adressde par lee sonscripteur* rdeemnt
:ivement, pourqui e*t au oonrant de* mown
isas, aux direotaun da oetta Sooidtd un«
A oomplkta dan. Fattribution da* actions,