HIE BALTIC FLEET.
UAY1NU FRENCH WATERS.
• Singapore, May 5.
Six Russian warships and lour colliers have
been sighted pasaiiig iu the semi-darkness and
haze at 5.30 a.m.	(Rettfogt
,	Saigon, May 5;
Admiral Rodjestven.-ky’s Beet was lying near
Son-Koho on the 2nd inst. but was preparing
to sail on the 3rd. He informed the Freuch
authorities of his impending departure. (H.)
Saigojj, May\
Admiral Rodjestvensky, who was «i the 2nd
inst. in the Bay of Son-Kohe, informed the
Freuch authorities that he would leave the
next day.	\ (Havat.)
\ _______________
GENERAL KUROP ATKIN.
A -------•----.
pro&able immediate recall
v ., St. Petersburg, May 5.
It is stated that GeneraHiuropatkin will be
immediately recalled lor reasons of health. (U.j
LOCAL AND GENERAL
Tub Holy Carpet' is expected to return to
Cairo on the 13th inst
The Brindisi Mail will close at the G.P.D,,
Alexandria, at 3.30 am. to-morrow.
The P. & 0. 8.8. “Isis” has finished dry-
docking and leaves Alexandria for Port Said
this evening.
The Plague.—Yesterday's plague bulletin
records a recovery at Alexandria. No cases a:e
reported to-day.
Anglo-American Nile Co.—It is expected
that the Anglo-American Nile Steamer and
Hotel Company will declare a dividend of 8
per oeilt this year.
Stray and Ownerless Dogs fonnd in the
Shoubra di-trict of Cairo;at dawn tomorrow,
and in the Waily district at the same time on
Monday, will be poisoned by the police.
The Police Case.—There is to be an in-
vestigation at the Alexandria Gouvernorat
into the alleged brutal oonduot of a policeman
in Cherif Pasha-street on Thursday last
Khedivial Appointment —We are pleased
to learn that the well-known engraver and
printer, Mr. J. Margosches, has lately been
honored with the appointment of engraver to
H. H. the Khedive
Mohambd Aly Centenary —The Pfta Com-
mittee at Alexandria officially requests us to
inform the public that it is hoped that private
Oomes will be illuminated on the evening of
the Muhamrd Alv Centenarv.
Prussian’torpedo-boats built
AT KIEL
£	Lubeck, May 5.
The pohisNauthurites have stopped the sail-
ing of ti^fTcrpedo-boat* built at Kiel for
■ .Russia, and til it to Lubeck in sections »-y rail
for shipment as rnachi uery. The shipment was
neatly ucmpfc'ttd'wheu it was stopped. (it)
ARGENTINA’S WARSHIPS. -\
London, May 5.
The "'l imes" learns from St Petersburg that
the repoi t that Russia h *s acquired the Chilian
.and Argentine Davies, continues to be denied,
but it i.s- iutiuujfed from a good diplomatic
' sourde that tbe.w*r-hip« will be brought to the
Baltic aiijl will ten-e as a nuoleus for a -new
navy in ca>e Admiral Rodjestvensky should
J come to grief.	fiforart)
London, April 5.
The Argentine Government denies the »ale
•^of warships; it is. willing to sell, but dafc not
deliver during the war.	(Rmtrr.
i1	i “S •	•• ’.	: ,
SITUATION IN THE CAUQASUS.
BORDERING ON ANARCHY.
'~St. Petersburg, May- 5.
The situation at the Caucasus continues to
border on anarchy.	( Reuter.)
Warsaw, May 5.
Work has been resumed iu several factories.
<aa«».)
WORD-WIDE NAVAL MANOEUVRES.
POSTPONED INDEFINITELY.
London, May5
■‘tffieial). The grand naval manceuvres
arranged fur next mouth have been postponed,
a.«, if carried out (ben as planned they may
cause inconvenience, but if not carried out a't
ail the iessons it is desired to iuculcate would
• not be given.	*
•This apparently refers to the world wide
man ivres mentioned iu the despatches of
10tb December and is possjiiy due to the
de-ne to have a large fleet in home waters on
the .cession ol the visit ol the Freudb squadren.
J THE MOROCCO QUESTION.
GERm/nY'S LATEST PROPOSAL
Lohdom, Ma,5.
The "Times" reports from Paris that failing
a European conference Germany would now be
content with an exchange of views among the
Powers regarding Morocco, but does not thiuk
that thifc will find favor with the three
governments concerned.	(Reuter ,
Paris.'May 5.
\ The French proposals regarding Moroqcdy
4ridulie the formation of a State Bank which
will place the finance of the country-on a firm
footing.	( Reuter.,
The Coptic Monasteries. — Owing to the
bad state of repair into which the old Copto'o
monasteries, known as ‘Bl-Abyad” (the White)
and "El-Ahmar" (the Red), at Sohag, have
fallen, situ s arc to be taken to preserve them
An examination of these monnments has been
made, and it has been decidod to restore them.
TheCoptio Patriarch has consented to provide
LE. 1,000 of the total sum required for this
purpose, on condition that the Government
finds the rest
Suspension op a Moudir. — Hassaii- Bey
Wassif, Moudir of Ghirgeh, has been suspend-
ed temporarily from his official functions,
because it is alleged that he was an accomplice
in a serious case of fraud committed by Mo-
liarned Effendi Badaoui, son of Badaoni Bey, a
notable of Sohag. The Moudir has been sum-
moned to Cairo and an enquiry is to be opened
on the subject by the Ministry of the Interior.
Another official is also accused of being an
aooomplioe in the fraud, namely the judge of
the Mebkemeh Sharieh of Tahta Markaz, and
the judge is to be brought before a oouncil of
digoipline ot the Ministry of Jostioe.
Cairo Cigarette-maxer’s End.—Mr. Joseph
Helperu, who hiul been brought up in Cairo
and was ol Houma, ian nationality, and by trade
a cigarette-maker, 30 years of age, entered a
restaurant in Vrhitechapel-road, Loudon, a few
days ago and called fur a cup of tea, which was
supplied. He was seen to drop the oontents of
a white paper into the cop, and, after drink-
ing, exclaimed to the waiter, "Don’t use it;
there is poison iu it. Take me to the hospital.”
A constable who was called gave Helpern an
emetic, and took him to the London Hospital.
He died du the way there. At the inquest, a
letter, written in Uerinau, and addressed to a
Jewish journal, was read. It ooucluded :—This
voice calls to you, a young venture^ Joseph
lielpern, born iu Koumania, brought up in
Cairo, and a cigarette-maker by trad*. My
friends aud acquaintances; I am warni/tg you
all. Keep aw*y from the cards, and your head
will be clear for wurk and business, and you
also rtu.au. with your money and your health,
and not have the same end as I have.
Trams to ABou Roash.—It is stated that
the Public Works Ministry has postponed
consideration of the -scheme submitted by
Boghos Pasha Niibar for the construction of a
tramway between Abou Roash aud Meua House
The Splendid Hotels of Egypt Oo.— A
meeting of the shareholders of the Splendid
Hotels of Egypt Company will be held on ibe
24 th inst. in order to approve the purchase,
etc., of the New Khedivial Hoteh at Alex-
andria.	_	’
Suez Canal.-On the 3rd inst. 16 vessels
passed through the Canal. 'Ol .these, 6 were
British, 1 Frenchi 2. German, 3, Austrian, 2
Turkish, 1 Dutch, r Greek. The day's receipts
were fis. 445,080.74,making tbp total from the
1st ipst fre. 945,9500.1.
J	, •	,’
The Garrison Directory —The May inaue
of the Garrison Directory of the British Fore*
in Egypt is to be the last issue of the 1904-
1905 season. The contents have-been increased
by six pages and several improvements hive
been made to this useful local directory.
Alhambra Theatre.—The Magnani ope-
retta company is meeting with great success at
the Alhambra. By general request Prinutcera
Scapigliata will be repeatedUhis evening and
tomorrow a matinee perfonSnoe of it will le
given. In the evening of Sunday Venditgre di
Uccttti will be produced.
Cose Imports. -From the 1st January to
4th May the quantity of coal imported into
Egypt was 281,462 tons, of which Newcastle
«ent 68,434, the Wel-h districts 146,032, the
Scotch districts 36,41^ Yorkshire 16,466 and
J'ber places 13.118 taf i. During the same
period of 1904, 369,165^ ana were-received.
The Union ArtwJkjue Francawf. has
established at its premises in 2, Cairo station-
street, a French elocution class. This class is
quite free, and may be attended by outsiders as
well as members of the society, of both sexes
and all iges. Further particulars may be
obtained on spplieation at the society’s offices
any day from to 6 to 8 p.m.
Credit Foncier.—Our Constantinople Cor-
respondent status that the last "groa lot" of
It-0,000 francs of the Credit Foncier Egyptien
(No. 363,181 ). fell to a scullion. Darned
Joseph, in the service of the well-known Con-
tsantinople banker, M. L Zarifi. .The latter
had himself purchased the lottery bond for his
servant
Ottoman OvficiXl Salaries.—It it stated
that for the first time in giving mefnory every
Turkish official was punctually paid bis full
salary on April' L There is something very
subtle about the Selection of this precise date
by a paternal Government. It suggests so
clearly that the recipients are very moch
mistaken if th/ey think that it ii going to
happen again.' . ' <
, “La'Revue Internationale d'Eoypte."—M,
Canivet is to be heartily congratulated on the
first number of his new review, the contents of
which are very good, and include articles by
M. Leopold Julien on the economic situation
of Egypt, by M. Victor Sinano on the SgciM
Artistique, by Professor Breocia on Anrinoe II.,
by M. Nourrieon on Richard Wagner and
Mathilda Weaendonok, etc.
Egyptian Institute.—A meeting of the
Egyptian Institute will be held at 4 o'clock on
Monday afternoon next. M. Pachuudaki will
lecture on the geology of the Marta Matrooh
neighbourhood.* A discourse will be given by
Dr. Adamidi on the invasions of Ifcypt by
European'races during the prehistoric period.
Another interesting paper to be read at the
meeting will be Yaoonb Pasha Artin’s, on.
Egyptian Pres* statutios np to 1904
THE KING’S RETURN.
Jmmdou, May 5.
Some comment has been caused .by the fact
than. Lord Lansdowne, who met the.. King at
the station yesterday evening, was practically
the'first visitor his Majesty received today.
• f. NEWMARKEf RACE8.
London, May 5.
One Thousand Guineas.—l. Lass G'Gloiy ;
2, Koorhaan , 3, Jongleuse.	(Umtfr.)
Shoubra School.—It has been decided to
hold the examtuaiion for the scholarships
offered in oom.ection with this school about,
the iast week in May, and the successful can-
didates will receive a year’s education tree ol
charge at the above school. The competition
will Lie open to all English children, whether
now attending at Shoubra school or not, between
the ages of 3 aud 13. lhe subjects tor examina-
tion will be: isenptufe (questions on the lour
Gospels to te answered in wnuug), Dictation;
Geograj'l.y (01 Athua); aud aimp.e Arithmetic.
In addition the girls will be required to make
a button-hole and sew on a button. With
reference to the above scholarships the term
"Eugii»h" will be held to include a cituen of
the United Kingdom, Canada, or Australia.
sense, will not be eligible unless the father is a
British subject The full, names, and age last
birthday of candidates, should be sent in to
Miss Taylor or Miss Cullen on or before May
15. No scholarship will be awarded unless
there are at least three competitors. In each
cue the boy or girl who has the second highest
number of marks will receive a prize.
PKH.S0.NA1, AND SOCIAL
Major-General 8ir Roland Lane, formerly
G.O.C. at Alexandria, has been selected to
succeed Major-General Schwabe as lieutenaut
general and secretary of Chelsea Hospital.
The “Army and Navy Gazette,” in announc-
ing the appoiutment of Brevet Lieut-Colooel
Lord Edward Cedi to be Under-Secretary of
8tate for War in the Egyptian Government
remarks “It will be admitted by all who
have followed Lord Edward Cecil’s services
since bn arrived in Egypt that he has spared
himself in nothing where duty has been oon-
oemed. He ought in this new position to be as
successful as he undoubtedly has. been in all
other posta he haa filled.”
Mr. Martin Maodermott, whose death it
recorded at Bristol on Wedneaday week at the
ripe old age of efahty-two, formerly held the
position of chief architect in the Administra
tion of the Viceroy of Egypt under Nubar
Pasha.
V .... » , ,
The 8oltan has been pleased to confer the
Order of the Shdfakat on Mme Bartau, wife of
Bartau Pasha of Alexandria.
Captain H. W. Dumaresq, 2nd Battalion
Rifle Brigade, left Cairo for Khartoum to-day
on duty.
M. Alexander PetropoulA formerly direetedr-
adjoint, of the Russian Navigation Company
at Alexandria, baa been appointed to the same
position at Constantinople.
BULLETIN DB LA BOCR8B
(AeWU 4 midi M *.*)
Le ca'me le plus oomplet a prfvalo durant
toute la matinAe.
II y a eu. oependant. qnelqoes fluctuations
U Banqne Nationals hansse de 27 7/16 k
47 5/8, la Jfungevieh de 10 1/8 k 10 3/ie, la
Delta Ligbi de 18 7/164 13 1/8, lea PrivilA-
giAes Tramways de 161 1/8 A 168 1/4.
Par oontre, la Banqne d'Athtoea flAchit de
118 1/8 4 118, la BAbAra de 48 1/8 4 48 1/4 U
Delta Und de 8 11/1 f i 8 9/16, la Salt ft
Soda de 86/8 4 84/9
CAIRO WATERWORKS.
REMOVAL OF SITE.
The Cairo Water Company has just pur-
chased from the Government a large area of
about 10,000 square metres near the rue Abou
ol Ela, in the Boolao quarter, for the installa-
tion of new refrigerating apparatus.
Several refrigerating chambers are to be let
to the Nile Cold Storage Company.
The Water Company intend to transfer all
their plant and offices to this spot. The whole
installation and transference of tho said plant
and offices from the present site will be com-
pleted by the end of 1907, when the oompany
will have sufficient engine power and aooom-
modation to produce 200 tons of ioe per day.
The maximum output in any one day laat
year did dot exceed 94 tons.
THE PHARMACY RHGULATION8
The International Association of Pharmacists
held a meeting on Wedneaday evening at
Alexandria to read Lord Cromer’s letter on the
subjeot of the new pharmaoeutioial regulations.
,pie society thoroughly appreciated the
-vafireot these regulations, and were unanimous
in reoognitmg that their enforcement would be
of benefit to all orthodox phannaoista. It was
acknowledged that the Egyptian Government,
represented by the Sanitary Administration,
had, after thoroughly studying tha matter,
taken this course in order to protect Ugitim.m
phannaoista, as owing to the difficulties inhe-
rent in the system of the Capitulations, it had
been hitherto impossible to suppress or inspect
socaUed pharmacies, where the proprietors or
emplajAs had no knowledge of or qualification
lor the compounding and dispensing of drugs.
In relation to the regulations, the only
regret of the society was that the Sanitary
Administration should nqt have stringently
pot in force the application of the regu-
lations, 'as in Egypt’s commercial capital
there are a number of so called pharmacists
who have never conformed to the regulations
and thus openly set the Government at de-
fiauoe. The society demand nothing better
than a stringent and permanent application of
the regulations which are now aooepted as law.
THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive held a.largely attended recep-
tion at Rasel Tin Palace this morning, on
the occasion of his return to Alexandria.
His Highness is leaviqg Alexandria this
afternoon in order to inspect his estates in
the Mariout district.
Great preparations are being made, says our
Constantinople Correspondent, for the reoep-
tion of th« Khedive on his approaching riait.
His Highness's Koualron the Bosphorus is to
be innovated throughout:
THE MOHAMBD ALY CENTENARY
This morning the Khedive received the
members of the Municipal Commission at Ras-
el-Tio Palace in order to receive their thanks
fur bis Highness's letter on the subjeot of the
Muiiioipal ty’s decision in regard to the cele-
bration of the centenary of Mohamed Aly at
Alexandria Mahmoud Pasha Sulky, a. Presi-
dent of the Commission, made an eloquent
address to the Khedive.
EGYPTIAN ARMY.
Licet C, H. Lucas, 3nd R. Berkshire Regi-
ment has been taken on the strength of the
Egyptian Army, with the rank of Bimbaahi. He
has been posted to the 1st Battalion.
Captain B. W. T. Dauford, R.B., having
reported his arrival in Egypt from England,
has been taken op the strength of the Egyptian
Army, with the rank of Bimbashi. He has
been posted to the Department of Works.
PORTS AND LIGHTHOUSES.
The following is the text of the decree
appointing. Rear Admiral Sir Massie Blomfield,
K.C.M.G., -Director-General of the Porta and
Lighthouses Administration. The appointment,
we believe, is a personal one in recognition
of the Admiral’s services :—
Le Contre-Admiral Sir Massie Blomfield,
oontnMeur gAnAral des Ports et Phares, set
nommA Direeteur gAnAral de la dite Admi-
nistration, 4 partir du ler mai 1905.
A HORRID SPECTACLE.
Yesterday’s express to Upper Egypt ran
over three camels, just past the Embabeh
bridge. At this ’ point there is a erossway, but
instead of there being a; proper gate, to close
this op when the train* are passing,there is only
a chain,that is pulled aeries,not a foot from the
ground. The poor beasts, who had got over this,
were run down, and jammed between the line
and the railings of a garden, belonging to some
railway employAa. The animals were not quite
(Mad, hut they coaid not be moved, as between
the railing and the train there is jost enough
space for a man to pass. The train moved
slowly on, with the natural consequenoe that
the animals were drawn under the wheels, and
the train had to stop, then moved again and
••opped, till at last, they did »hat they ought
to have done at first, that is, oat down the
wooden railing and draw the animals away. It
would have also been more humane if they
hsd killed them at owe.
NOTES FROM PORT SAID
VISIT OF JAPANESE PRINCE
(PlON OUB CokUIPOniVT )
Port Said, Friday.
The S.8. “Prinz Heinrich, whioh arrived
i here yesterday, had on board as passenger to
Germany, H. I. Hv Prinoe Arisugawa, the
| Mikado’s representative at the forthcoming
wedding of the German Crown Princq, His
! Imperial Highness landed here, and Mr.
Tanaka, the Japanese Agent, who has been in
Port 8aid sinoe December last, had a long
interview with him. Both lunched in one of
the special dining saloons of the Eastern
Exchange, which had been reserved for the
purpose.
8HIP ASHORB:
The 8.8. “Kamil Pacha”, which was to -have
left last evening for sea, after haring weighed
anchor, drifted ashore through some cause or
other, and remained there all night. She was
got off this morning with the aid of tags, and
proceeded.
THE S.8. “CANDLKSHOB."
The surveys on the hall of tho “Oandleshoe"
are to-be made next week ; the entire portion
of the damaged cargo being expected to be
-oat by that time.
THE &8. “CONGAL”
The hole in this side of the "Oongal” is,
I believe, now blocked np ; the building of the
oaisson still goes on, and it is rumoured all
will be ready for the pumping out by the last
week of the month.
'■■BANDMANN COMPANY.
Among the visitors now staying in the
Eastern Exchange Hotel are three Members
of the above oompany, who are leaving for
England by the P. & 0. mail on Monday.
They are Miss Treseden, who will be remem-
bered as one of the dancers, and Messrs.
Tillett and Wilhama, the latter the musical
conductor.
GARDEN PARTY AT NOUZHA.
A delightful garden party was given by
Mrs. Chataway yesterday afternoop in Nouzha
Gardens. From five to six hundred persons
were present, inolnding all the rank and
fashion of Alexandria and Ramleh. The
gardens form a unique site for a garden
party in the neighbourhood of Alexandria,
and yesterday afternoon they looked their
best. After tea dancing was indulged in on
an excellent floor, which had been laid down
for the occasion. An Egyptian Army haiid
played a charming selection of music. Daring
eu interval in the dancing Baron ReuA ds
Menasoe and Mr. Ramsay gave an exhibition
of the (Vka-Walk The	did not
till 7 o’clock, after enjoying 4 most pleasant
The host and hostess were indefatigable in
entertaining their numerous guests ; Mrs.
Chataway after having greeted, with her usual
oourtesy and charming manner, all arrivals,
went round to each table aud had a cha{
with her friends, looking alter them herself.
The display of handsome gowns was qnite a
feature ; it is impossible to give a detailed
description. Whilst the grown-nps were enjoy-
ing themselves, over a hundred children were
being entertained. A conjurer and a gramo-
phone gave the little folks intense delight
for a time, after whioh they were all grouped
round a huge "horse-shoe” table, where tea,
cake, and all sorts of good things were provid-
ed for them.
We will dose onr notice by saying that the
Municipality deserves great oredit for having
taken over Nouzha. Considering that it is
•oaroely two months sinoe the work was taken
in hand, the results already obtained are
simply marvellous Avenues have been opened
up, fine specimens of trees hidden away have
been brought to light, valueless shrubs have
been removed, etc, thas obtaining vistas
pleasing to the eye.
We have no doubt that if the tram lines
reach Nouzha, these gardens will resume their
pristine glory, and become a fashionable resort
for Alexiuidria.
ARMY AND NAVY.
(Peon ouh CohmbponmnT).
r ,	London, April 21.
It h» Imsd raUd thu infato* d»«n
ployment of officers as attaches of foreum
•rams in the field will not reckon asAdSe
serv.ee in the field for the pwp^ofthe
grant of a foreign decoration. The giants of
medals and olaspe by the Egyptian aid other
Gownmenu and the reokonmg of war service
of officers in the employment of those Govern-
ments will be dependent on the express sanc-
tion of the Army Counoil.
Captain C. G. Giaxebrook, 2nd Battalion
Royal Inniakilltng Fusiliers, Cairo, has Hfen
ordered home for two years’ dhty at the Depot,
Omagh.
Major J. A. Hope, Depot, King's Royal Rifle
Corp^ mi promotion, has been wasted to the
^	«d Captain H. C.
rrexn, DAO, on return to regimental duty
uffir"’ h“ i~ >”“*1 “
The 2nd Battalion K.R.R.C, at Bareilly,
defeated the 1st Battalion Seaforth High-
tenders in the. final of the Infantry Polo
loumament in India lately. The Beaforths,
it may be remembered, had a splendid reputa-
tion when at Cairo last year, and the defeat
of their team came as a bit ol a surprise.
lhe cruise of the combined Atlantio and
Mediterranean Fleets in the Levant will last
for a month. Much useful practical manauvring
based on the "blus-water sabool” doctrine d
oreehmg an enmny to our naval supremacy
wiU be earned oat,-and ports will be visited
bjuMtaohed cruisers for the purpose of showing
London, April 27.
anticipated in these notes some time
ago, Bngadier-Goneral G.M. Bullook,C.B, who
has been in temporary oommand of the British
troops u Egypt sinoe the retirement of Major-
General Blade, has been confirmed in that
appointment, to the great gratification of the
many friends of the hero of Colenao and
Homngspruit
In the new infantry drill sanctioned by the
Army Council the ancient custom of rifle regi-
ments presenting arms with unfixed bayonets,
and marching past at the trail, has been resum-
effi These differences from the Line regiments
were highly prized by the gallant "Green
Jackets and their revival will be learned with
pleasure by the foreign servioe battalions of
the Cameronians, Royal Irish Rifles, King's
Ruyal Rifle Corps, and the Rifle Brigade.
It is very gratifying to learn that the Cape-
toCairo Railway, the life dream of Cedil Rho-
des, is making good progress, having been .
completed almost to Ralomo, which is about
100 miles north of the Victoria Falls. . Proip
the tetter point the line will be oontinued viA
Broken Hill to tap that mining country, rich
in copper and zinc. The Falls Bridge will be
open early in June for traffic. In addition to
the important bearing whioh the line will have
UU British oummerce, it will he possessed of
irom Egypt to the Cape and vibe-vena. A
French settlement at Fiuhoda would have been
fatal to that.
A London contemporary has just oauaed e
great sensitiou by announcing that fifteen of
our battleships are unfit to go into action
owing to faulty guns. A lengthy article on
the subject alleges that the 12-inoh mark
Vill. guns, whioh constitute the principal
armament of fifteen out of thirty-aeveh of our
battleships of the latest type, are inoapableof
firing more than cfry full ohargee under active
servioe condition.- The meet recent type of
the 6-inoh gnn, wLwn is largely mounted in
the secondary batteries of our battleshipa and
<»“U>ers, is also ooudemned. It is farther stated
that the .12-inoh guns of the “Majestic"
otass of battleship have also foiled to stand
the test of hard service, and still woree, that a
shell barn in seven oat of sixteen big gone on
board British-built Japanese battleships. The
srtide points out that the facts are indisput-
able, and that now ia the time to aot-and have
our fleet equipped with the best tjme of guns
obtainable.
THE PIGMIB8 AT CAIRO.
The "Globe" remarks There are many in-
teresting facts in the papers about the pigmies
who are coming over to this oountry. “life in
the foreet,” says the "Expreea,” “is dreary in
the extreme. It ia always twilight, the sun
never penetrates through the dense foliage,
and for nine months of tbs year it pour*,
with nun.’’ An English summer will make
the poor fellows feel qoite homesick.
They are not dandies. Their whole personal
belongings, we -read, consist of a poisoned
spear or two, an old day oooking-pot, and a
scrap of skin round the waist They should
create a sensation on church parade.
STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Khedivial mail &8. “Prince AbW’ will
leave Alexandria on Wednesday for Pirwus,
Smyrna, Mitylene and Constantinople.
The Papayanni liner “Belgravian" arrived
in England yesterday and the same company’s
l-ner “Flavian” left England for Alexandria on
8rdinst
VISITORS LIST.
WIND80R HOTEL ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. Iaage de Mieux, Mr. Leslie Black, Mr.
Gagooelli, Mr. Coldan, Mr. Acheron, Mr.
Pekmezian, Mr. Ohanian. Mr. Murrel-Wright,
Mr. Bahari, Dr. Phi taco, Mr. and Mrs.
Berla, Mr. P. Coocoutti, Mr. N. Saliba, Capt
Halley, Baron de Brockdorff, Le Comte de
Sizxi-Norii, Mr.. Boulad, Mr. Mathiopoulos,
Dr. 8tiasrin, Mr. Aden, Mr. Blanchard, Mr.
Doulcaridia. 8 R Bahsh Bey Zaphen Pasha, Mr.
G. Martin, Mr. Adroat Bey, Mr. Hum preys,
Mr. and Mrs. Naeff, Mr. Matwakia, Mr. B.
Cental)!, Mr. M. Schuller, Mr. Kitroeff, Mr.
Malexian, Mr. Crewe, Mr. H. G. Andres, Mr.
and Mrs. Robaly and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Manzalaoni, Mr. Proja, Mr. and Mrs. Bigiavi,
Mr. Perry, Mr. Bereketty, Mr. Statanadoe, Dr.
Maoolakie. Mr. Moraitopoulos, Mr. Kalamba-
kidte, Mr. Testa, Mr. M—field, Almas Bey,
Mr. 0. Formstecher, Mr. John Bdleman, Mr.
Page, Mr. and Mrs. Ddbonne and family, Mr.
and Mrs. Saraffy and family, Mr. Thorou,
Mr. de Cramer, Dr. Ohoaeri, Mr. H. Bfaano,
Mr. aad Mrs. Oortam, Mr. Norman deau Eng.
Stuffier, Capt Borton, M. Pearson.