ARABIC TYPE.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENQLAND.
Br Mb. Falconer Mad an (B. N.C. Oxford).
The use of Arabic and Syriac type in England
can be carried a few years farther back than
Mr. Talbot Reed was able to do in his "History
of Old English Letter Foundries” (London,
1887), which is the recognised authority on
inch points. He did not find any book in which
Arabic oocurred earlier than 1648, when Miles
Fleaher printed at London a work De Siglis
Arabum.' And of Syriac he says that it “did
not make its appearance in England till the
middle of the seventeenthcentnry"—in fact, not
till the prospectus and specimen of Walton's
Polyglot were issued in 1652.
In turning over a volume of the Thomason
Civil War Tracts at the British Museum
lately, I was struck by a profusion of types of
both languages in the margins of ‘A Djaooyery
of the Rebels' aud The Oreat Antichrist,'
both by “J. V., Prisoner," and dated 1643
Thomason has noted that the author was Vicars,
who was not the well-known John Vicar*,
author of the “Parliamentary Chronicle,' but
John.Viccars, an Oriental scholar, who was
concerned with the preparation of the Polyglot
mentioned above. And on reference to Viocars’s
one great work, the “Decapla in Psalmos'
(Londini, apnd Robertum Young, Anno
M. d. C. xxxrx ), the position became clear. Tho
'Decapla' is a commentary on the Psalms from
aouroes written in ten languages, and the title
expressely states that.it was "Novis Typis
Arab, and Syriacia Donates.” Here, then, is
the first use of Arabio and Syriac printing in
England, in 1689.' The whole fount is displayed
on the last leaf of the prefatory matter, and
even Arabio and 8yriac ligatures are to be found
The dedication to Archbishop Laud states
that “Deci.pla hroc, post annum integrum sub
prtclo xXu3uvilisiav* novis Typis Syriacis and
Arabicis(sumptibus baud exiguis) adornata
in lucem emittuntor." This carries back the
actual printing to 1638, and fits in with the
letter from John Greaves of February 10th,
1637/8 (“Domestic State Papers,' vol. 381, No.
75), where a rather indefinite mention is made
of a purchase of Oriental pancheons (and ma-
trixes t) by a Mr. Browne on the Continent.
This letter is mentioned by Mr. Talbot Reed.
Even the "J. V. Prisoner” is cleared up in the
same dedication, where the author speaks of
biihself as “post septennii vincula captivus.”
It is interesting to note that in this very year
1639, when Dr. Thomas Greaves printed his
oration “De Linguic Arabic® utilitate’ and
wished .to print an Arabic sentence, it is found
in some copies written in in Arabic, and in
some oopies printed in Hebrew type ! The first
Arabic printing at Oxford was in 1648, and the
first 8yriac in 1661.
ARMY ANT) NAYY.
(From ocr •Correspondent).
London, April 22.
Colonel the Hon. M. G. Talbot, R.E., who
reoently went on half-pay on giving up the
appointment of Direotor of Surveys under the
Egyptian Administration, has taken his retired
full pay. He entered the servioe just 82 years
ago and saw a .great deal of service in Afghanis-
tan, 1877-78, the Mahsood-Wnzeree Expedi-
tion, 1881, and the smashing of Mahdiism in
the Sudan.
Lieutenant Cecil Pearce, 1st Battalion Royal
Berkshire Regiment, at Dublin, has been
promoted captain after a little Over eight
years' service. He obtained his first commis-
sion in February, 1898. This is the second
company promotion in the Royal Rerks. this
year.
At the Southern Police Court, Dublin, last
Wednesday, Lieutenant Charles Howard, Royal
Berks. Regiment, was charged with being
disorderly the previous night in Dame Street,
by having his ooat off, shouting at tbe top of
his voioe, challenging the crowd to fight him,
and violently resisting arrest. He was also
charged with assaulting three oo ns tables. A
medical student, named M’8winey, and Cap-
tain T.R.B. Clifford, 8rd Connaught Rangers,
were also charged with attempting to rescue
Lieutenant Howard. It seemed that the de-
fendants got involved in a row with the crowd
coming out of the Empire Masio Hall, when the
alleged assault on the oonBtables took place. For
tbe defenoe it was stated that the defendants
were assaulted by a disorderly crowd, and that
when Lieutenant Howard was being brought
to the police station he was struck twice by
one of the constables on the eye. The two
officers were returned for trial to the City
Sessions, in £10 bail, and M’Swiney was fined
in 20s., or 14 days, afterwards increased to 21s.
to admit of appeal, in addition to being
returned for trial.
there must be some assurance or security that
when a man leaves the Army he will be better
off in the matter of employment than if he had
remained a civilian. In the present state of
feeling, I am afraid that any system of long-
service recruiting is doomed to failure.
After the termination of the oombined man- “
ocuvros ol the Mediterranean and Atlaotio 1
Fleets, the Second Cruiser Squadron nnder 1
the command of H. S. H. Prince Louis of ^
Battenberg will proceed to Phalernm Bay tq| f
give leave for 24 hours. A cruise on the 11
Grecian ooasts will follow, and about the 28th P
May the squadron will leave for passage trial n
of 24 hours to Gibraltar. From the latter P
place the squadron will leave tor Portland on °
the 3rd June.	'
THE ARAB CONQUEST OF EGYPT.
Mr. Bntler announces that he has come
across a fresh piece of evidenoe for the identi-
fication of A1 Mukankas with Cyrus, Patriarch
of Alexandria. In the 8yriao “Chronicon Ano-
nymum,'* edited with a Latin translation by
Guidi, oocurs the following passage
‘•Potiti sunt Arabes tota regions Syria1
et PaJicstimc. iEgyptum quoque ingredi
erat in animo : sed non valuerunt: custo-
diebantur enim fines msgno exercitu et vi
4 patriarchs Alexandrino, locis quoque
qnibus hoatea in regionem ingredi ant
egredi possont prreolnsis et exstructis in
ripa Nili per omnem regionem muris.”
In other words, the Moslem forces which over-
ran Syria from 631 to 640 were deterred from
an earlier attempt! on Egypt by a powerful
Roman army plaoed on the border*, and power-
ful defences prepared, by the Patriarch of
Alexandria. It is not open to donbt that the
Patriarch, referred to is Cyrus, who was sent to
Egypt as Vjceroy in 631, and the importance
of the passage is that it furnishes oonolusive
proof that Cyras had the supreme military as
Well as oivil oommand, a point which has been
oilled ih question. Thus Prof. Lane-Poole, in
criticising the theory, remarks (Proc. Royal
Irish Acad., vol. xxiv. seo. C. 13, p. 254)
"Cyrus was Patriarch and civil governor,
but not military prefect; yet we find him
(if be be El Mukawkis) commanding at
the battle of Heliopolis,”
according to the Arab bistorians.Precisely,
and given the fact that Cyrus was responsib'e
for .the military defenoes of tbe oountry, bi«
command at the battle follows quite naturally
Now as to the aqthority of the "Chronioon
Anonymnm.” Guidi is olear that the document
as it stands oan bo assignod with certainty to a
data between 670 and 680, while the portion*
relating to'the Persian kings have an air ol
stjll greater antiquity. The writer was thu*
contemporary with, if not earlier than, John ol
Nikiou, and may well have been actually con-
temporary with the conquest of Syria and
Esypt. His authority, therefore, is of tho very
highest order; it is independent of all Egyptian
writers ; yet, agreeing as it does with John of
Nikiou, it must be preferred, in any case of
oolh'sion, ,tn that of the Arab historians, who
Wire sjl muob later.
•Oof.* (Sertpi. CMM. Ort.nl, > Bertptorr. B/rii I hrotuo.
Minot* iF»n Trios. !■»«• !*■ , m>.
The following appears in the newspapers to-
day :—
Lieutenant Howard, of the Berkshire Regi-
ment, was charged at Dublin with participa-
tion in a street row, and was allowed out on
bail to appear at the City Sessions. This was
on Wednesday. On Thursday a detective at
Queenstown reported that he had searched the
luggage of a passenger giving the name of
Courtney, who was going on board the ‘Teu-
tonic," bound for New York, and had strong
suspicions that he was Lieutenant Howard.
Instructions were at once telegraphed to
Queenstown that Mr. “Courtney” should be
detained, but fifteen minutes before they were
received the “Teutonic" had left, and Mr.
"Conrtney” is nojr on his way to America.
The Sessions commence on May 6, and it is
felt that the police cannot move in the matter
until then, as it is quite possible for Lieutenant
Howard, supposing it is he who left on the
“Tcutonio”, to voluntarily return by then.
BRITISH GOODS IN EGYPT.
Messrs. W.P. Thompson and Co., chartered
piteut and trade mark agents, have addressed
the following letter to several home papers -.—
We have received word from our agents in
the Egyptian Sudan that that oountry is being
simply deluged with cheap Continental goods
m irked with English trade marks ; that the
Custom House is desirous of stopping this
trade, but cannot do so, as the English manu-
facturers have very few of them registered
their trade marks, but that they will at once
stop such fradulent importations of any regis-
tered trade mark on the marks being put on
the register. Tbe German manufacturers have
been very • muob more wideawake than the
English in this respect. He Associated
Brewers, of Pilsen, registered their marks,
and then got the Government to at once stop
all beer imported into Egypt and the Sudan
with the word Pilsen or any of their marks on
it, unless shipped by them, and the Munioh
brewers have lately done the same as regards
Munchen and Munich.' Some little time ago
our agents discovered a printing works in
Egypt engaged almost exclusively in printing
frandalent labels, which were used on goods sent
not merely all over Egypt, but to Singapore,
Hong Kong, and elsewhere in the East This
place was broken up through our agency by
getting the rightful owners of these labels to
register, and then pouncing on it
The friction between Lord Kitchener and the
Military Member of the Council was not al-
together unexpected. Though the details of
disagreement are not yet specified, sufficient in
told to give a broad, if not deep, insight into
the question. Lord Kitcbeuer went to India
as a reformer. Experience has shown os that
he belongs to the rootend-branoh variety of
that valuable species. What is more, tho
country holds the firm opinion that this is
just the sort of reformer needed in India. Lord
Kitchener, then, is inferpreting his doty as we
would have him interpret it In any circum-
stance*, perhaps, he was bound to come into
confliot with those who are euphemistically
called his colleagues. He could not by any
possibility escape when his functions are not
clearly distinguished from those of tbe Military
Member. It is a consolation to be assured that
there is no personal bitterness between the two
authorities who are at varianoe. It should bo
equally comforting to know that LordKitohen-
er has not disgressed from his intention. He
means to make the Indian Army an adequate
machine for the tremendous purpose it has to
serve—tbe defenoe of the most vulnerable, or,
at least, the most threatened, part of the
Empire. Nothing mnst be allowed to prevent
him from carrying that purpose into'effect. If
we oannot do without a really strong Indian
Army—and so much is absolutely oertain—we
certainly cannot allow the man best capable of
producing it'to leave his plans half ac-
complished.
The.information furnished by Mr. Aroold-
Forster in tbe House of Commons regarding
tho reoroiting for tbe past six months, is any-
thing but encouraging to the chances of a
long-servioo system of recruiting beooming
popular. It was hoped that it might have
boon otherwise, sino i enlistments for short ser
vice have been stopped for some six moaths
now. The winter is usually the best feoruit-
ing time of the year, and trade daring the past
winter has been unusually slack. Yet for each
month from Ootober, 1904, to March, 1905,
there has been a falling off in the numbers
taken, which amounts to a lose of 8,140 as
compared with the same period of 1908 4. All
this is very diseeuraging, but not in the least
surprising to those who doubted the suooess of
Mr. Arnold-Forster’s methods. Meu do not en-
list nowadays from a sense of patriotism ; the
upper classes are sadly deficient in patriotism,
thoy are showing an increasing disinclina-
tion to joining even the oommissionod
ranks, because the pros pools are so poor. It is
hardly to be expected that the poorer classos
are going to enlist to gratify Mr. Arnold-
Forster and the Army Council. When the
Army is made a oareer that will oompare favor-
ably with civil oooupations, reoruits in plenty
will to forthcoming, and of tto right sort. Bat
INNSBRUCK - TYROL.
Ideal Spring and Snmmct Resort. Beautiful
promenades and mountain exounions.
HOTEL TYROL
1st Glass Hotel, enlarged lately with an ex
tensive palatial addition with every modern
OARL LAND8EE.
WBAPONS AND EXPLOSIVES
IN EGYPT.
IMPORTANT LAW.
* In a fortnight’s time the new law will oome
into force regalating the trade in weapons,
ammunition and explosives in this oountry.
The following are the main provisions of
this law :—
a Le commeroe dee armee, des munitions, du
matlriel et des matures explosives, dont l'im-
portation est admire par lee Conventions Com-
merciales ne ponrra fetre exercle que par les
personnes dftment autorisdes par le Qouverne-
ment et dans les magasins dlsignls dans
COAL IN EGYPT.
In regard to the statements of experts as to
tbe absence of ooal in Egypt, it is interesting
to remember that less than forty years ago
scientists declared it impossible that diamopds
oould exist at Kimberley, unless they were
carried thither in the crops of ostriches from
some unknown land.
Captain Lyons in a recent report states:—
“No reliable evidenoe of the occurrence of
ooal in workable quantities in Egypt has yet
been forthcoming; most of the strata are of
marine origin, and those which are not, have so
far yielded no traces of carbonaceous deposits,
beyond local layers of lignite a few inches thick
at the most The chance that larger and
thicker deposits may yet exist at points where
they are overlaid by other b ids is a very slight
ODe, and up to the present no indications of
such have been met with, in spite of the
borings 400 feet deep in the oases, and' the
wide area whioh has been traversed without
finding any outcrop of beds of this rtatare.”
It will bevremembered that" last ybar, with
the consent 'tjf. the Emperor Menelik, a geo-
logical expedition, under Mr. Barron, had been
rent into Abyssinia with a view to discovering,
first, whether the native reports of the existence
of coal wore oorreot; and, seoondly, whether,
there were any coal-bearing strata running into
the Sudan. Mr. Barron's report is to the
effect that ooal exists in the neighbourhood of
Chelga. The question of whether th'qre are any
strata running into the Sudan remains un-
determined.
TRADE WITH CYPRUS.
Principal Exports from Larnaca and
Limassol to Eoypt dorino March.
larnaca Limassol
Barley	-	- kiles 3,830	—
Bran	-	- okes 10,092	11.850
Potatoes -	•	„	60,472	—
Onions -	•	„	8,220	540
Wine	-	-	„	2,069 gallons 97,802
Commanderia - „	—	„	852
Cheese	-	- „ 23,574	8,048
Pumpkins •	„	680	—
Snails -	-	„	890	—
Lemons -	-	No.	62,280	—
Linseed -	-	okes	1,458	—
Mavrokokko	-	„	188	—
Straw	-	-	„	18,890	—
Gypsum	-	-	tons	785	785J
Spirits	-	- gallons —	520
Vinegar -	-	„	—	4,986
Lambs’ meat	-	okes	10,764	—
Eggs	-	- No. 62,250	8,200
Goats and kids	„	119	—
Oxen	•	•	„	189	—
Mules	-	-	„	15	—
Horses	-	•	„	1	—
Donkeys ■	•	„	8	—
Pigs	•	-	„	19	—
Camels -	-	„	3	—
Turkeys -	•	„	109	—
Fowls	-	-	„	2,76?	48
Sumao	-	-	okes	—	1,230
Beans	-	-	„	—	700
Raisins	•	-	„	—	10,954
Carobs	-	- kantars —	998-68
Cette antorisatfon est personnelle, et elle
devient nolle si elle est ddle k un tiers.
Nul me ponrra transporter d’un endroit k un
autre nne quantity d’armes exeldant oelle qui
lui est nloessaire pour son propre usage, sans
une ant jrisation specials du gouvemenr on du
moudir, et, si le transport doit avoir lieu d’une
villa k une autre ou d’un village k un autre, on
indiquera d*u* la permission le nombre et la
nature des armes, ainsi que la personne k la-
quelle elles sont destinies.
Touts personne qui exerce actuellement le
commerce des armes, des munitions, du mate-
riel et des mati feres explosives devra, dan* le
dfelai d’un mois k partir de la publication du
prfesent rfeglement, en firire la declaration an
gouvemenr ou au moudir, en indiquant le ma-
gasin dans lequel oes objeta sont mis en vents.
Best absolument dlfendu d’avoir dans la
Provinoe-Frontifere, des dlpfeta d’artnes ou au-
tres o'qets indiqufe* k Particle prlddent
L’antoritl de police aura, dans cette pro-
vince, le droit de fairs dee visiles domiciliaires,
duos les formes prfevues dans les Conventions
oommeroiales et le proofed verbal y annexl pour
les perqni'itions faites dans la ligne douanifere,
de saish et de oonfisquer les armee et les autxes
objeta dlsignls oi-dessus.
Est permiae l’importation des armes de
chaase et de luxe, ainsi que des armes de com-
merce, des munitions et du matlriel oi-dessous
splcifils :
1.	Les fusils k Ame lisse et les mousquetons
de chaste, systfeme Lefauoheux, Lancaster, et
autres, k an ou deux coups, se ohargeant par
la bouche, k la condition que le diamfetre de la
bouche ne dlpasse pas 20 millimfetres.
Mais il est psrmis aux voyageura d'importer
des fusils ray fee et leurs cartouches pourvu
qu'ils signent une dfederation par laquelle ils
reconnaisseDt que oes fusils sont pour leur pro-
pre usage et que la van to en eat dfefeudue.
Toute contravention k l’une ou 1'autre des
conditions de cet engagement entratnera, de
plein droit, la confiscation du fusil.
2.	Les armes de luxe, savoir: les armes anti-
ques, ainsi que lee fusils, carabines, mousque-
tons, revolvers et pistolets de toute loDguour
dont la orosse, lo chian ou le oanon sont es-
sentiellement enrichia d'or ou d'argent ou ci-
8elfes artistiquement. Pour que les armes de
luxe, k l’exoeption des armes antiques, soient
admises, le prix de vente ne devra_ pas fetre
infferieurk 500 francs par arme pour les fusils,
oarabines et mousqnetons; k 200 francs pour
les revolvers, et k 80 francs pour les pistolets.
II est entendu que les armes dont l'introduc-
tion est admise en vertu des autres disposi-
tions de ce tableau ne sauraient fetre considfe-
rfees oomme armes de luxe et interdites sous
prtexte que leur valeur eit infferieure aux prix
fixfes.
Les personnes qui important des armes de
luxe seront admises k importer en mfeme temps
oent cartouches chargfees k petit plomb, pour
cheque fusil, carabine ou mousqueton ; toute-
fois le prix des cartouohee n'est pas oompris
dans la valeur fixfee pour oes armes.
3.	Les fusils, carabines et pistolets dits
Flobert et les armes semblables de petit oalibre,
ainsi que oellee k spirales dites de salon.
4.	Les sabres dont la poignfee ou la lame est
essentiellement enriohie d'or ou d’argent ou
ciselfee artistiquement.
Les fepfees et lames d'fepfees, fleureta d'es-
orime et oouteaux de ohasae.
Tout voyaged r muni de passe port ou teskferfe
en rfegle ne ponrra importer qn'un soul pistolet
revolver ou nne pairs de pistolets de n’importe
quelle sorte plus oent oartouohes ohhrgfees au
maximum.
Tontes lea armes dont l'importation est
admise seront, aprfes vilification do la Donane,
sans dllai ni frais pour le propriltaire, k son
ohoix, et par leaeoios de cette administration,
monies d'uno fioelle plombfee ou poinqounfeos.
L’introduotion de tout .matlriel d'arme, de
toutes munitions non mentionnls dans le pri-
son t tableau, de tonte sorto do poudre, ainsi
que de toutes lea compositions qui ont la
mfeme destination ou qni, invention pins tard,
pourraiont produire les mfemea effets que la
poudre, telles quo la dynamite, la poudre coton
dite fulmi-ooton et ooton aiotique, lanitro-
glyclrine, les picrates et fulminates, leamfeohes
k mines et autres matiferas fulminantes do oo
genre, du salpfetre radial et non raffinl et du
chlorate de potasse, est interdite.
Toutefois, la dfefeose d'importer des matiferes
explosives n'emporte pa* prohibition d'impor-
tation et de vento dee prodoita qui, en vertu
de leur composition, sont exploeifs dans oer-
taines conditions ou -qui peuvent servir k la
tabrication de matiferes explosives, oomme, par
exemple, le eoufre, l’lther, le nitrate de soude.
Elle doit seulement empfeohor l'introduotion de
matiferes qui sont destinies k fetre exduaive-
rnent ou au moins principalement cmplqyfees
comma poudre* k oarrifere ou pour des usages
analogues.
Kaiserlich Deutsches Konsulat.
BhKANNTMACHCNG.
Jm hiesigen Handel* regia ter ist die offene
Handelsgesellschaft W. G. HERE & Cp. mit
dem Situ in Cairo und Zweigniederlassungin
Alexandrian eingetragen worden. Poreonlioh
haftende Gesellschafter sind die Kaufleute
Friedrich Robert Wilhelm Gottlieb HERZ and
Rudolf K1RUHMAYER, beide wohnbaft in
Kairo. Zur Vertretung der Qesellsoliaft sind
die beiden Ge-elbchafter unbeschraokt er-
mitobtigt. Die Gesellsobaft hat am 15. Novam
ber 1901 begounen.
Alexandrian, den 2. Mai 1905.
Der Kaiserlich* Konsul.
LS. J. No. 1815	25879-1
Societe Internationale des Employes
D'ALKXANDRIE
SifeoE Social : Rob MosqcHe Attarihb No. 21
BUREAU DE PLACEMENT
Offres d'hmplois
BONNE MAI80N d’Alexandria demande :
1.	nn employl connaissant bien la Meroerie.
2.	on joune homme aido-vendenr.
Demand es
Comptable pr. Le Carre saohant bien la Comp-
tabilitl et oonnaissant 1'Anglais.
Comptable pr. Le Cairo avoo oonnaissanoes en
langues.
Comptable pr. Port-Said aveo oonnaissanoes bd
langues.
Comptable pr. Alexandrie, oomme employl g6-
nlraL
N.B.—Pour tons renseignements s'adreerer
soit direatemeut, eoit par lettre au Sifege Social
de la Sociltl, Rue Mosqule Attarine No.21.
Le Secrltariat est ou vert lesLuadi, Meroredi
et Veudredlde 7 h. 1/2 k 8 h. 1/2 da soir.
Les insertions oi-dessas sont iaites gratuite-
ment par lea soins de la Sociltl et seals, les
sooiltaires peuvent en blnlfioier.
25735—7-4-90f
ALDERSON'S CARDEN, RULKELEY.
In oonsequenoe of extensive alterations to
the theatre in Alderson’s Garden, there will
be no play next Saturday, but tea will be
•erred m utul.	*6886-8 1
<A
MINDSOR HOTEL
Largs it 1st olas* and most oomfortabli
Hotel In Alexandria. Facing the se<
Central position. Under English msnsgsmspi
Mill