RUSSIAN UNREST.
fiENEWKD DISTURBANCES.
BRUTAL CONDUCT OF
TROOPS.
Warsaw, May 2.
The disturbances were renewed in the soburb
of Praga at 11 o'clock yesterday evening. The
Husrars fired on the crowd, killing four per-
sons and wounding many. At 9.45 p.m. a bomb
was (brown into a military patrol whictl was
passing through the chief street The troops
fired three volleys. The bomb killed two Cos-
sacks and a policeman, and wounded 'two
ladies. Many persons were killed and wounded
by tbe volleys, but the number is nnascertain-
able as tbe troops immediately surrounded tbe
whole district	f Reuter )
Lodz, May 2.
Tbe crowds have stoned some patrols. The
soldiers fired, killing two persons and wound-
ing a boy. Two other persons were killed
during a similar encounter with a police patrol.
A bomb was thrown on a patrol yesterday
evening but without any effect The patrol
fired and killed three persons and wounded
two.	(Hauer./
Lodz, May 2.
Eighty-five thousand workmen are ont on
strike in this district	(Uaexu.,
Warsaw, May 2.
During the fighting yesterday the troops not
only fired but used the butts of their rifles,
bayonets, and swords, breaking the heads and
limbs of* women and children, and inflicting
serious, injuries. 10 wounded died at the
hospital. The death-roll is at least 50.
Outwardly all is quiet to-day, hut workmen
are going from factory to factory to compel
the men to strike.
Tfie troops- at Kalismi, in Poland, entered a
church when tbe congregation was singing
patriotic songs. A fight cusued. A soldier and
some women were killed.
In consequence of yesterday’s bloodshed a
general strike has been proclaimed throughout
Poland and Lithuania.	(Reuter.,
Lodz, May 2.
The strikers here number 75,000. (Reuter.)
Minsk, May 2.
A bomb exploded yesterday evening at the
police station here. A detachment of Cossacks
was fired on from the crowd and replied. The
casualties aro unknown.	(Reuter.)
THE NAVAL MANOEUVRES.
TORPEDO-BOAT GOES ON REEF.
Berenhaven, May 2.
During the mana-uvres here yesterday night
the torpedo-boat destroyer "8) reu” ran on a
reef and broke her back. There is no loss o*
life.
(Later). The "Syren” and 3.7 other torpedo-
boats and destroyers were attacking the erniser
“Sappkiro" in tbe harbour with lights out.
The "Syren" was a teaming at a rate of 26
knots when she struck tbe rock. (Reuter.)
GERMANY AND MOROCCO.
. Tangier, May 2.
Count Tattenhach, accompanied by the
German mission, has started for Fez. (Reuter, i
Tangier, May 2.
The German mission has left for Fez. (II.)
THE KAISER AT VENICE.
VIn ice, May 2.
The Emperor William has arrived. (Hava*. I
THE QUEEN AT ATHENS.
Athens, May 2.
Tbe Queen of England has arrived. (Hava*
NEWMARKET RACES.
London, May 2.
Two,Thousand Guineas.—Betting : 2 to 1
against Croix ; 4 to 1 against Vedas; 6 to 1
against Llangibby, 100 to 9 against Measure ;
100 to n against Sbilfa.	(Reuter )
PAPAYANNI LINE.
Tlio "City of Cambridge,” 3,844 tone, will
sail for Lisorpoo! on or about tho 6th May and
will he followed by the "City of Oxford," 4,019
tons, on or about the 20th May. Both ships
have excellent first-class accommodation amid-
ships and are fitted throughout with electric
light. Fare £14 single and £24 return.
Special terms for officers of the Army of Occu-
pation and Government officials.
For further particulars apply to the Agents,
Barker & Co.,
25824-6*6	Alexandria.
NOTICE,
The Annual General Meeting of looal sub-
scribers to the Alexandria Merchant Bra-
hen’s Hone will be held atH.B.M.'s Consulate,
pn Thursday, the 4th May, at 4.46 p.m.
96886-1
LOCAL AND GENERAL
The Brindisi Mail will be distributed at
the G. P. 0., Alexandria, at 9.80 p.m. today.
The Egyptian Delta Light Railway’s
summer time-table came into foroe on May 1.
The Plague.—One fatal case of plagne was
reported from Toukh yesterday.
New Licenses. — The Ministry of the
Interior has granted licenses to Mr. George
Michel Nicrilis to practise as a pharmacist
and to Mrs. Evangelista Tnti to practise as a
midwife in Egypt
Customs Administration.—TheVal de Tra-
vers Aspbalte and Paving Company, Limited,
has obtained the contract for tbe repair and
renovation of the Customs shoonah at Bab el
Karas ta.
Khedivial Opera House.—We understand
that tho Government has decided to rebuild
the Khedivial Opera House on its present site.
Ihe new building will boa great improvement
on the present one and the siruotnre will be
fireproof throughout
Egyptian Onions. — The onion crop this
year is a record one. Already 1,700,000 bags
(85,000 tons) have arrived at Alexandria, and
from 800,000 to 40O.0O0 bags have yet tooome
d«wn. The total crop is expected to be from
120,000 to 140,000 tons.
American Mission. — The Rev. A. C. W.
Saunders, of the Church of Scotland in Cairo,
will conduct the service at the American
Mission in Tantak next Sabbath, May 7, at
11 a.m.. This will conclude the English ser-
vices at the mission for this season.
P. W. D. Contracts.—The contract for the
earthworks to be executed west ot the Yousfi,
in Beni Souef province, has been awarded to
M. Chasseand for the Koftan tan-ad and
saliba, at the price of L. E. 1,762, and to
M. D. Andrus fur the Deckacba tarrad and
galiba, at the pride of LR 3,601.
New Italian Newspaper.—A weekly Ita-
lian newspaper, entitled "11 Tempo," is to be
founded at Alexandria and will make its first
tppearance on Sunday next. The editor and
manager is Sig. Quiutavalle, the well-known
Alexandria publicist On June 1 “11 Uiomale"
will again be published at Cairo as a daily
Italian newspaper nuder the management ol
big. Santorelli.
Alhambra Theatre.—The ddbut of the
Magnaui operetta company took place last
night at this theatre belure a large and repre-
sentative audience. The operetta given was
Joseph Strauss's "Pruhiingsluft," which was
billed as "Primavera Scapigliata." This lively
operetta has been a great success iu Europe,
and the performance last night did lull justice
to the brightness of the dialogue and the
vivacity of the music. Ttie costumes were
very elaborate, and as the period was that ot
tho Directory tkeio was plenty of scope for
display. Where all were dioelleut it is invi-
dious to single out any artiste lor special
praise, but we must make an exception fur
Signa. Imbimbo, whose lively representation of
isoubrette created great enthusiasm. Owing to
pressure on our spaoe we must hold over a
letailed criticism until to-morrow.
BANDMANN-DALLAS OPERA.
•THE TOREADOR"
Tho manager of this company deserves on
congratulations on two things; firstly, on oon
ceiving the ilea of giving an extra performauoi
in aid of the Jewish schools, and seoondly, oi
choaing for snch an oocasion the ‘‘Toreador.1
Tbe latter is probably the beat play that ba
appeared at the Gaiety in recent years : com
posed in a cheery strain the music is mon
tuneful and original than usual, the’ libretti
clever and witty, and during Aot I. the ploi
is qnito interesting and easy to follow. The
second aot, it is true, has suffered from changes
not all for the best, bnt it plays brightly anc
seldom allows the attention of the spectate!
to leave the stage. Of the eight plays we have
just beard we should prefer a repetition
of tho “Toreador" to any of the others
This impression is doe to the foot that most
of the principals aeemed more familiar with
their lines and songs than before. The part o:
"Giggs" gives great chanoes to the comedian
and Mr. Cotter missed very few of them
patting an amount of energy into his acting
that the house warmly appreciated. Miss Cor
lass made ns wonder whether she is more
delightful and fascinating as a girl or a boy,
while Mr. Roberta—who surely should have
played "Giggs"—made a lot of points in the
small part ot "Gut Traill." Susan is not a
character that suits Mias Mom, though she
made a very .fair auoce-s of it, and Miss Marie
Elba sang her songs, especially "On, on he’e
dashing," with great spirit and 4dat We mnch
admired the dancing of the little Gaiety trio
and should have liked to see them again, their
one effort being very short and sweet
"VERONIQUE."
Musically and dramatically "Veroniqne” is
on a higher level than any of the pieces given
previously by the Baudmann opera oompany
and it may fairly bo described as "operetta” in
contradistinction to '•musical oomedy.” There
is nothing very remarkable about the plot, and
the music contains too many reminiscences,
though the "Swing Song" is pretty enough in
an unassuming way, but there is at least a
thread mining through the piece and some
of the dialogue is really amusing. On Mouday
night the Bandmann opera oompany were at
the top ol their form, and in spite.of some
"cutting" (justified perLaps in one or two
spoken passages and quite wanton in the
case ol some of the songs sacrificed), the piece
went well. The honors of the eveuing were
carried off by Miss Georgia Corlasa, who made
a very gay and attractive Veroniqne, daucing
and singing well and looking extremely attrac-
tive, and hy Mr-Ralph Roberta, who had studied
Willie Edouin to some purpose and gave an
admirable rendering of Mous. Coqueuard. His
duet with the bailiff (Mr. Sinclair Cotter) and
his flirtation with the Countess de Champ
Azur (Miss Wilmot K&rkeet) delighted the
audience. Mr. Cotter was also good—if a
little inclined to overact—while Mr. O’Connor
showed almost too much restraint, bnt was
in capital voice. The parts ol Agatha and
Denise wero also well filled by Miss Ziegler
and Miss Nora Morra. On the whole it was the
best performance that we have heard, though
the orchestra and the performers were at sixes
and sevens on several oooasious, owiug, as
a rale, to misunderstandings with regard
to the encores which were frequently demand-
ed. There was a large and appreciative au-
dience and we hope that tbe Baudmann opera
oompany will be as much appreciated in the
further East as they have been in Cairo.
I'ERSONAI. AND SOCIAL.
Lord and Lady Cromer leave Cairo to-
morrow on a steamer trip in the Delta which
will last for about ton days.
Viscoant Milner will return to Cairo from
Assouan to-morrow. He will come down to
Alexandria tho same day and will stay here
for a couple of days, leaving by the Austrian
Lloyd boat on Saturday next for Europe.
Brig.-General G. M. Bullock, C.B., Com-
manding tho British Force in Egypt, came
down from Cairo to-day.
Sir William Garstin leaves Cairo for the
Sudan to-day.
Count Antoine de Zogheb is paying a short
visit -to Ramleh and is staying at the San
Siefano Hotel-Casino.
Mr. Pieott, Judge of the Supreme Consular
Court in tho Ottoman Dominions, is expected
to arrive at Cairo on Monday next.
M. Bouequet, French Consul at Cairo, re-
turned from Jerusalem vi& Port-Said yesterday
afternoon.
Mr. Carter Wilson left Cairo for Europe
yesterday. He will bo absent for three months.
Among the passengers who are leaving for
Europe Unlay by the "Hohentollern" are
Couut Gabriel de Zogheb, Gallini Pasha, Mr.
F. Formby Baok, Major Rhodes, Major
MaoMahon, Mr. E. A. Harrison, Mrs, Willmore,
Miss Caillard, eto.
TVDAI _Weia*enatein Castle 8410
i I I\vJ_i. ft. Firstiolass private
hotel near Windisch-Matroi; Station, Liens
(reached from Venioe or Trieste). Good
mountaineering centre. Tennis. Fishing, best
Jnne end September. Proepeotnses and Pho-
tographs, "Egyptian Gazette" offioe, Cairo.
>68f5-48*-87
DERELICT in the bed sea.
(From our Correspondent).
Suez, Thursday.
The Messageries Maritimes steamer “Nera”
reported that on the 28th ult at 6.15 p.m., at
23 miles S. 40 R of Shad wan, she passed the
wreck of a large barge (probably a native
crafty and again the same wreck was sighted
at 10.10 a.m. on the 1st inst by the Dntoh
steamer “Sule”; the position given is 27*
|V. 34* 35 R
From the above position it would seem that
the wreck has drifted 8. 60 R 14 miles, and
may be considered a danger to navigation.
THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive is doe to arrive at Bab el-
Ghedid station to-morrow morning at 11.80
o’clock.
His Highnees’s last reception at Cairo was
held yesterday morning at Abdeen Palace.
HiB Highness arrived at Abdeen from Koubbeh
Palace early and the reception commenced
shortly after eight o'clock and was not con-
cluded until noon.
Tbe Khsdivah also held a reception yester-
day morning at Konbbeh Palace.
THE PILGRIMAGE.
No detailed news has been reoeived at the
Ministry of the Interior concerning the engage-
ment that took placereoently at El Hamra. We
note that some of the Arab papers throw the
blame on the Egyptian soldiers, who are aoonsed
of mishandling tome vendors of cigarettes and
thereby precipitating the conflict which took
plaoe. Whatever the sotnal cause of the con-
flict, our Arabic contemporaries, who can find
nothing to oriticise in the Ottoman Admini-
stration, would do well to abstain from criticism
of the conduct of the much-tried soldiers
of the escort till an offioial report of the
occurrence reaches the Ministry of ’the In-
THE MARONITE CATHEDRAL
The project of building a cathedral for the
Maronite sect at Cairo is-likely to be realised
in the immediate future. Negotiations are in
progress for the purchase of a residence for the
Patriarchal Vicar in the Zaher quarter. The
site for the cathedral alone will ooet £2,500,
and the total cost of the site for all the appur-
tenances will amount to considerably more.
One wealthy Syrian Maronite has subscribed
£8,000.
NEW LINE TO EGYPT.
The Roumsnian Steam Navigation Com-
pany, which inaugurated its new servioe from
Constantinople to the Pirieus last week with
the “Regelo Carol,” intends to extend this
servioe to Egypt at a future date.
EGYPTIAN TRUST & INVESTMENT.
Yesterday afternoon a special meeting of the
oommittee of the Alexandria Stockbrokers’ As-
sociation was oonveued for the purpose of con-
sidering the application made by the general
manager of the Egyptian Trust and Invest-
ment, Limited, to the effect that the shares of
this company be admitted and quoted officially
on the Stock Exchange lists. When the votes
were recorded it was funnd that the application
hid been voted unanimously and this was'
notified publicly amid load acclamations.
Now that the shares are quoted officially we
expect to Bee a brisk movement in them.
A. 8. C.
NOTICE TO OWNERS.
The Great Annual Handicap not having
filled under its altered conditions, the following
raoe has been substituted :
Great Annual Handicap of LR 100, 2nd
horse to receive LE. 20 and 3rd horse LE. 10
out of the Stakes. For Arabs and C. Breds.
Dixtanoe li miles. Entry on 15th May, 1905,
P.T. 500.
Handioap to be published on 1st Jane 1905.
Winners after publication of weights of P.T.
8,000 or more to oarry 7 lbs. extra.
Unless 10 entries are reoeived the stakes
will be rednoed to LR 50, of whieh LR 7 to
2nd horse and LR 8 to 8rd horse.
A. S. Preston,
Hon. Secretary.
The following are the handicaps for the 1st
Summer Meeting, seoond day, on Saturday
next:—
Ramleh 8curry.—Capt G. B. Byrne's Fits,
9.5	; Mr. E. Karam's Ca-ur de Lion, 9.8, and
Tamerlan, 9.7 ; Khalil Pasha Khayat’s Bana-
baok, 11.0, *and KJondyke, 10.0; Omar Bey
8ultan and Ahmed Bey Bakri's IWiid, 11.7 ;
Ishack Bey Hussein’s Moofid, 10.11 ; Hussein
Bey 8ioufi's Sweetie, 9.9 ; Prinoo Omar Tous
sonn’s Marzouk, 9.0: Saleh Bey Yaghen's
Wassal, 8.10 ; Mr. Tneni's Ajax, 9.0 ; Mohar-
rom Pasha Chehim's Mizzaud, 9.10.
Pont Handicap.—Mr. E. Karam's Nimrod,
9.0, and Eclipse, 9.8 ; Mr. E. Bustro's Roland,
9.6	; Khalil Pasha Khayat's Suleik, 10.7, and
Sadik, 11.0 ; Messrs. W. B. Rees and G.- H.
Barker's Suari, 10.8, and India, 9.3 ; Ibrahim
Bey Cherifs Fantasia, 10.4, and Royalist, 10.4;
Ishaok Bey Hnsaein's Shahrour, 10.10 ; Hus-
sein Bey Sionfi's Peaoook, 8.12 ; Prinoe Omar
Toussoun's Hadbsn, 8.2 ; Saleh Bey Yaghen's
A bon Arkoub, 9.0, and Speotre, 8.10 ;
Pasha Mohsen’s Taib, 8.6 ; Mr. M. Tneni’s
Viking, 9.5; Elie Bey Suroook’s and Mr.
Tneni’s Amory, 9.6.
“THE HOLY CITY”.
The choir of St Mark's Church, Alexandria,
assisted by several members of the oboir of
All Saints' Churoh, Ramleh, who afforded so
much pleasure by their able rendering of Gaol's
“Holy City” in St Mark's last week, gave this
boautiful cantata again yesterday evening in
All Saints' before an appreciative congregation.
The work was again given with muoh spirit
and effect, aud soloists, chorus, organist and
pianist deserve much credit for their exoellent
interpretation of the work. In tho unavoidable
absence of Mrs. Bayliss and Mr. Peroy Smith,
the soprano and bass solos in “List the Cbern-
bio Host" were most kindly and ably taken by
Miss MnnGavin and Mr. Johnston. We hope
this will not be the last time we may hear
these ohoirs in similar work.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Dear Mr. Editor,— I willingly confess to be
the writer of the letter signed "Harmony,”
wherein it was stated that I, and many others,
thought Gaul's beautiful musio deserved
oomment It was very disappointing to see my
letter misinterpreted by "Aocord,” of whose
letter I entirely disapprove. Only those who
know certain details (whioh it would not be
wise to print) understand the real cause of
complaint. "Ex-Choirmaster" has written a
letter which is a disguised apology for a stupid
blunder. If the person who was entrusted to
write the report had done so in time for yoa to
pnblish it with the rest of the programme of
events on St Mark's Day, all this heated con-
troversy, whioh has now assumed a most
unpleasant and un-Christianlike form, would
have been avoided, and I think it wonld be
better that no more anonymous letters be
published on the subject, whioh I am snre must
be very hurtful to Cauon Ward, who is away
at Jerusalem and for whom we all have a most
profound respeot—Yours faithfully,
Waltxr F. Sarjeant.
Alexandria. 8rd May.
[This correspondence in now olosed.—Bd.RG.]
ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAIMBIYIERA
TL» tut killwy Rohm brinn Intt ud Itslud li
VJAJUtOOIO, MU,
Mila 11m uinaa ales Hm modi, hood., Baa Min..
*111 .U..U. KMUH Ps-lon. VHU Malta,. Iv.?
ta*a M*torl. Ileatrte lirtt Red an a..n.H-
MpaM, alasa to aaa u4 (ird«A
wnwvi	i»,rti»,i,ai, amn »xfTrf|
BECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
BREMEN.
PEAR* MO HOKWT OOMPltlTIOI FOR QUALITY
RJ}.—Inferior Brenda now bsing oflara4 to Mao
agei of eenain food ssnlea.
Bswars of tvOj ***** ic mention numb*
item this vssj hmiH Baaro at Bnt
LOBD CBOMEB’S SANE
IMPEBIALISM.
No one whose business it is to study the
varying phases of pnblio opinion can have
failed to notice that at the present moment a
certain peisimism prevails among thonghtfnl
men in regard to the future of the Empire.
People aro inclined to talk as if there were no
alternative to that egotistical Imperialism
which strives for monopoly abroad and protec-
tion at home save a Lttle Englandism which
is fearful of all responsibility, whioh suspects
the right of the Anglo-Saxon race to develop
and to role the “lesser breeds ” and whieh looks
with anxiety and dread upon that vast heritage
of Empire to whieh we have succeeded. To men
oi sane and liberal ideals both alternatives are
odious. They do not want a grasping, arbitrary,
material, “tied-honse" Empire on the one hand,
and on the other they cannot endure the
thought of abandoning onr heritage of role,
and of shrinking trom the responsibilities and
doties whieh go with the “white man's harden."
“Is there no third way 1 Mast the choice lie
between these two alternatives I"—such are the
questions whioh they ask. In onr opinion, there
is another alternative. The true solution of the
Imperial problem is, we hold, to be found in
that sane Imperialism of which Lord Cromer
is the latest, and one of tho greatest exponents.
That sane, liberal, and dutiful Imperialism has
made Egypt and the Sudan what they are,
just as in the past it gave ns the India of
Dalhonsie and the Lawrences the India we
possess to-day—and laid the foundations of
those danghtor-States on whose freedom and
loyal independence the safety and welfare
of the Empire depend. The shrill, ir-
responsible, and reckless Imperialism which
asserts that it is foroe or self-interest, the
sword or a protective tariff, which alone
can maintain the Entire is only a passing
phase. The Empire owed nothing to it'in the
past, and can gain nothing from it in the
future. It is by the application of a wise and
free Imperialism that Empires snch as oars
are bnilt up, and can alone be developed and
maintained. Such sane Imperialism tolerates
no cant in regard to the abstract right of
persons who are obvionsly incapable of govern-
ing themselves to attempt the task, and makes
no pretenoe that the Hindoo is capable of rale
because he can pass an examination in English
literature. It knows also that freedom and
complete sell-government are the only condi-
tions on whieh tbe white Anglo-Saxon com-
munities oversea will remain within the Empire,
and that in their case the raoe-feeling and
sentiment which it is now the fashion to deride
as worthless bonds are links of adamant to
unite the Empire, if only we keep them nn-
corroded from the mat of a sordid materialism
and selfish interests. In troth, the antiseptics
of Empire are two In the case of the sobject
and ooloured populations, strength and jnstioe
and the determination to govern not in the
interests of the governors bnt of the goverood.
In the case of those white communities whieh
are in reality Britains oversea, absolute free-
dom and the resolve to rest the Empire on
sentiment and loyalty, and not on mere
material bonds.
But it may be asked,—How are we to learn
and to preserve the spirit ot this sane Impe-
rialism 1 Tbe answer is,—By studying the
work and carrying ont the principles of the
great exponents of such Imperialism. Asa
ooncrete example, we wonld point to Lord
Cromer's Annual Report on Egypt and the
Sudan pobliahed this week. It is true that
Lord Cromer has only been called upon to deal
in praotioe with one portion ot the Imperial
problem,—that which concerns the subjeot
races. None the less, those who have eyes to
soe cannot fail to note that he has the root of
the whole matter in him, and that if he had
been asked, either at the Colonial Offioe or in
the Anglo-Saxon communities oversea, to help
to bnild np the self-governing portions of the
Empire, his inflnence wonld have been equally
potent and equally sound. It is impossible to
read wbat he writes on aubjeots oonneoted with
the Empire without realising that he under-
stands the principles of freedom as well as those
of justice on whioh the Empire rests. Mr.
Chamberlain, in one of those moments of reok-
lossness whioh have marked the last phase of
his Imperialism, has proclaimed the monstrous
doctrine, " No Preference, no Empire." It is to
the men who, like Lord Cromer, have de-
termined, while shirking no responsibility of
government, to let their role and work be
inspired by liberal ideals that we owe the Im-
perial frbrio.
We wish we bad spaoe to draw attention in
detail to the great number of wisp and inform-
ing things said by Lord Cromer in his new
Annual Report What makes that Report of'
special interest this year is the fact that it
marks an epoch. The Anglo-Fronch Agree-
ment has legalised onr position in Egypt and
has given ns a free hand. We have now the
right to bnild as we will. That we oan now
build for the prosperity of Egypt, and the
honor of Britain and the Empire, is doe to
the cironmstanoe that Lord Cromer and the
band of men who have worked so loyally under
him have laid the foundations of government
well and truly. But thongh we oannot follow
Lord Cromer in detail through his account of
his stewardship in Egypt or in his various
suggestions for new developments, we may
notioe one or two of the principles of govern-
ment whioh are laid down in the Report Lord
Cromer, like the wise and practical stataiman
he is, does not attempt to formulate prineiplos
of government in the abstract It is in the
oonrse of his handling of ooncrete frets that
these principles emerge. Perhaps the most
striking example of wbat we mean is to be
fonnd in the following passage i—
"In deciding what general polioy is to be
adopted in countries snoh at Egypt and the
Sudan, low taxation should ba the keystone of '
the political arch, It bringi general tran-
quillity in its train. It is an essential preli-
minary to steady and continuous moral and
material improvement It allows, either at onoi
or eventually, of the adoption, without serious
danger to the State, of a polioy in other
matters which is in general oonformity with
the liberal views and traditions of the British
Government and of the British nation. Ex-
penditure on objeots, however desirable in
themselves, should, I venture to think, be
rejected, or at all events postponed, rather
than that the principle of maintaining >.»«.
at a low figure should be in any degree in-
fringed. That is the polioy whioh, for more
than twenty yearn, has been adopted in Egypt
and for some seven years in the Sudan."
This sounds simple and obvious enough, yet
we believe it oontains the grand secret ot
government in the case of Orientals. To make
men good snbjeots they must be oon tented; bnt
no Oriental will be oontented merely because
of roads, railways, and other pnblio improve-
ments, even thongh theee in reality oonfor
great benefits upon him. The one thing that
he cares for, and in a sense is grateful for, is
low taxation. Hence Lord Cromer has always
insisted that as far as possible pnblio expendi-
ture should be kept low. He has never yielded
to the fatal temptation of arguing that even if
taxation is made high, the people cannot
grumble when they receive all the benefits. If
yon give an Oriental population reforms and
improvements, yon may give them what is good
for them, bnt yon will not be giving them
what they want. If yon give them low taxation,
yon are certain to be giving them what they
want, and what they understand. Another
admirable statement whioh may prove of nse
to administrators is to be found in the para-
graphs that deal with the European Civil ser-
vants in Egypt, with the method oi their
selection, and with the salaries of snoh officials.
In the first plaoe, Lord Cromer has devised an
exoellent system for avoiding jobbery in appoint-
ments on the one hand, and the difficulties of
pare competitive examination on the other. In
regard to the question of salaries Lord Cromer
follows in the steps of Lord Cornwallis. Lord
Cornwallis, it may be remembered, onoe told
the Directors ot the Bast India Company that
they oonld get plenty of men to take the post
of Governor-General of India for nothing, but
that it would be extremely improvident of
them to adopt snoh a oonrse. It is in the spirit
of this luoiferoui saying that Lord Cromer
handles the qneetion of high salaries.
Before we leave the subjeot of Lord Cromer's
Report we most find space for the very satis-
factory passage in which he awards praise and
credit to the young British offioers who hare
helped that able administrator, 8ir Reginald
Wingate, in the government of the Sudan :—
“I am not called upon to disouss, and still
less to defend, the British military system
considered as a whole. But I wish to say
something of tbe offioers, and more especially
of the young offioers, with whom I am brought
in oontact, and of whose work, in oonneotion
with the civil affairs of the Sudan, I have
had some speoial opportunities of judging.
Nothing has struck me more than their, versa-
tility. Tbe readiness with whioh they adapt
themselves to novel ideas and dreamstanoea
is remarkable....It is generally fonnd that
the offioer throws himself with whole-hearted
zeal into the work whieh lies before him,
whether it be military or dviL He identifies
himself with tiie people over, whom he has to
rale....As for capacity for rivil administra-
tion, all I oan say is that some of the most
valuable suggestions whioh have been reoeived
about snoh matters as land settlement, agri-
cultural loans, &o., in the Sudan, have
emanated from offioers who bnt a short time
before were performing pnroly military dntiee.
......I doubt if any oonntry in the world oan
dispose of agents who are their equals. They
certainly oannot find their superiors. All they
require, to supplement any want of knowledge
or experience on their part, is technical advioe
on professional aubjeots. and a little friendly
guidance on matters of principle from some
superior dvilian authority. When onoe they
are taken away from the tontine of the barrack-
yard, given some in teres ting work to perform,
made responsible for the proper performance
of that work, and left a good dead to them-
selves, they speedily develop that power of
government whioh, I trust I may be lowedal
to say without mooning a charge of nndne
national pride, is the prerogative of thdr
Imperial raoe.”
That Lord Cromer’s experience is in no way
ational we have not a doubt The ma-
from whioh the British offioer is ma-
nufactured is the best material in the nation,
—the material which produoes in the Lew,
in the Churoh, and in oommeroe, keen, able
men. li the British offioer—thongh, in onr
opinion, his defects are greatly exaggerated
—sometimes fails to do nimsolf jnstioe, the
fault is not his, but that of the system under
which he works. Lord Cromer's splendid tri-
bute to the young British offioer will, we
trust, not only tend to fenoonrage men who
have to a very considerable extent been un-
fairly oriticised, bnt also foroe the home
authorities—on whom, alter all the main
responsibility rests—to oonrider whether there
is not something wrong in an organisation
which is nnable to get better results ont of
such good material
We oan only end as we began, by strongly
urging any who are inclined to despair of
the Empire, and to imagine that it oannot
be maintained exoept under the prindple of
monopoly, to turn to Lord Cromer's Report
They most not, as we have said, expect to
find strings oi abstract disanisitions on the
art of government: bnt if they will study it
carefully, and note the spirit whioh inspires it,
they oannot bnt rise from its perusal strength-
ened and vivified. They will realise that the
carrying on of the work of Empire is oon si stent
with the maintenance of Liberal ideals—we
nse the word in the non-party sense—and that
instead of injuring those ideal* at home, the
possession and development of an Empire
governed on the principles of sane Imperialism
will lend them support Imperial dntiee and
responsibilities, property understood and oarried
ont serve at antiseptios in the body politio.
and prevent the growth of that narrow and
selfish materialism whioh, as history shows, it
apt to ovenont the moral foroe of email, pops-
ten, udmity stun. (n» 'SjwwfcTq