------------------->!----
THE ENTENTE CORDIALE.
\
KINO'S VISIT TO PARIS.
H. M.^ETl'liNS TO TOWN.
.	----Parhj, May 4.
• J .Alter lunching with the Marquis de Broteuii
jiffilorday lho King had over au hour's inter-
view wild lil. ilulcaoso, who was one of the
“• gnosis, M* DelcassjS returned to the Foreign
Office uiauiiestiy highly pleased. Considerable
' iunK.rtai.ce is attached to ihisiucident in French
olhctal circles, especially in view of the (act
that the King imd 20 miuutes' close conversa-
tion wjthiho. liertnau Ambassador after the
dinner ijplie Ei^see.	(Better.)
London, May 4.
The King ii-returuing to England to-day.
' ■ .	(BeiUer.)
Paris, May 3. ■
, King Edward left for London in tbe morniiig.
London, May 4.
Vi.-t Balfour, Lord Lansdowne, and Mr.
.iktrs-.Douglas, met the King at Victoria Sta-
tkurrit is reported at his Majesty's desire.
Trie Kjug had souie minutes' conversation
'wiUv them before driving away from the
station.	(/tenter./
.. KAISER RETURNS TO GERMANY.
Venice, j4ay 4.
The Emperor William bas left lor Germany
■ J	I"~-
/
01.101 ON 1 AND MOROCCO.
a	------- —
Berlin, May' 4:
Count Tattouhitoh is tukiiig the Sultan tht
Gtand doss oi the Red Eagle m bnUiauta. {B.
K0NVE1T.
Constantinople, May 4.
The Porie_ has called Lord Lausdowue's
atteuliou to the picabnoeol lour Biiush meu-
of-wai ui Koweil. Luiu Lausdowue replied that
he had no iuluymaUuu and oecnued to unicuss
-the luatter.	(lUtm )
HOME CRICKET.
London, May 4.
Marylebone beat Nwita by 10 wickets. (A./
TLKnONal and nOcul.
Lord Milner proved at Alexandria yesteiday
- £!iefpooy auu Is suyiiig at Uie New.KueoiViai
ifoiei.'Ilo wm leave to moriow by the .-vuouian
The newly appointed second-in-command ot
ihe Channel Fieit, V.ieeAduiiral Sir A. W.
Mo-jre, A.C.D.,.C.M.G., distinguisUed bimselt
in Egypt. It ben Commander ui the ‘‘Onon, ’
dini.g die Egyptian War in ISS2, be was
present at tbe ooeupauou ol lemaiiia and the
hatUeor Tei-ci Kehii. lie was promoted fur
his services in me command of the naval Hotula
on ihft Sweet Water Canal, organised lor trans-
port ot siorps to the lionvand uie conveyance ol
sick )nd wounded to the base, Was mentioned
in' despatches, and received tbe Egyptian
inedai, Khedive sbroure star, and iheMeajidieb
Major A. E Delavoye, A.S.C„Aras beau
granted leave of absence lor four months, witki
)M;riuission to travel ut Italy aud France. t'
Captains A. Remanda and R. Remands have
been promoted to tbe ranlTofSaghkolagtiaiisi.
\ Hr. R. WbisbaBrigstooke, of Bay rout, arrived
•aj.Alexandria'from Syria yestertlay, and is
tiving tiiis afternoon with bis wife and
ugiiter for a six months' holiday in England.
TV PHI _W<h«nstain Castle Mil.
A lAUls. ft. First-class private
• hoiei near Wmttisch Mattel; Station, Lien,
(reached from Venice or Trieste). Good
mouLtaineerip^ centre. Tennis. Fipbing, beet
June and September. Prospectuses and Pho-
tographs, “ Egyptian Gaxette ” office, Cairo.
25365 4M* 89
WINDSOR HOTEL.
largest ist olam and most oomfortabl*
fltiel in /lea^tdria. Ksetog the sm
Ottraf jeVfr'te. tzdvr frglftt manager,, nt
EM.USH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIERA
MS kallat? Mom lastn I *jpt »ud ts(i*Dd a
VIAXKOOIO. MV PISA.
kut »» qttrl ..l. «N,<a, tw-o., Km bukit|
LOCAL AND GENERAL
Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the
Matarieh district of Cairo at dawn to-morrow
will be poisoued by the police.
Bands at, the Esbekieu.—The British
military, bands will play on ..Tuesday and
Friday ovenings in the Esbekieh Gardens from,
the 16th iuat., between 9 and 11 p.m. \ /
P. ML D. Contracts —Messrs. MikaiBle*
and Perullo have secured the contract for the
construction of three masonry barragps below
the Marg weir, near Shebrakhit, at the price
of LR 2,174.
Suez Can al.— 20 vessels passed through the
Canal on the 1st and 2ud inst 11 of these
were British. 1 French, 2 German, l Austrian,
1 Turkish, 2 Dutch, 2 Italian. The receipts
for the two days were frs. 500,869.27.
Cairo ' Zoo.’’—On account of the Egyptian
Army Infantry Band having left Cairo for
Alexandria for the summer season, it will be
unable to perform in-tho Zoological Gardens at
Ghizeh until the autumn. Tbe band of the
boys' reformatory school will play in tbe
ZOologioal Gardena every Friday afternoon.
St. George's Day.— The consulates will
fly their national dags on Saturday in honor
ol the name-day ot King George of Greece, and
after a solemn mass at theEvangetismo Church,
at whibh the Greek Consol General will br
present, a reoeption will be held at the
Helleuio Consulate-GeneraL
EoyEtian Estates.—Amapplicatiwi has been
made to the committee of the London Stock
Exchange to appuiut a special settling day in
au'£ to grant au official quotation for the shires
of the Egyptian Estates, Limited. The applioa
tion has been lodged for this purpose by the
London brokers of tne company, Messrs.
Sheppards, Peilys, Scott & Co.
All Saint's, Cairo.—Our readers will see
by a tiouoe in our advertising columns that
the summer hours of service at All Saints'
Church, Cairo, will begiu on Sunday next, 7tb
mat Celebration of Hedy Communion will be
at 9 instead of 9.30 a.m., and momiug' service
at 9.30 a.m. instead otQu.30 a.m. Evening
service at 6 p.m.	v
Murray s> •|aiypt." — The editorship of
“Murray's Guide to Egypt' has been trails
lerrfed to Mr. 11. K. Hal., who aims at restoring
to it the pre-eUuuence, from the archeological
point of view, that it once enjoyed. The new
edition will bq published in tbe autumn by
Messrs Stauford, aui it will then be found, we
believe, that the'look has been entirely
.rewritten.
Bio Bequests.—Tile will of Mr. Jean Dimas,
a Greek merchant of Mansourah, who died
recently at-Naples, was opeuedat the Helleiiio
Consulate Geueial at Alexandria on Wedues
day. 1 he deceased lelt £1,000 lor distribution
among the Moslem institutions as a sign ol
hu gratitude towards this country. The bequest
nas neon entrusted to the Darn khassa to deal
with. Mr. Dimas was born at Chimara, in
Epirus, aud he bequeathed £4,000 to that
rown, aud also lelt bequests ol £2,000 to the
Greek-Urtbodox Patriarchate of Alexandria,
£1,000 to the Greek Fieet Fund, £i50 to the
PlnloptocboB Society of Alexandria, £100 to
the Greek Hospital, etc. During his lifetime
he budt the Diuias Schools at Mausourah at a
cost ot £1,500.
Sailors and Soloings Institute.—Tbe first
concert given at the institute since the build
mg ot the new foul took place last Wednesday
evening, whefi a Urge and appreciative
auuieuce assembled to enjoy what proved to be
a ipost attractive programme. Major R. M.
Gamble, D.S.U., kindly presided. Songs by
Mra K.N, Gauibfe, Mrs. Acres, and Mus Mun-
Gaviu were enthu„ia,tically received, the
.alter in her song ' Husheen” being vocilerous-
.y oppUuded. Misg M. K. Gibson (who also
kindly accompanied most of the songs) gave,
perhaps, the greatest pleasure of the evening,
by her exquisite rendering, ou the violin, uf
•Salat d’Amour” and “Mazur,'’ both of which
had to be repeated. The songs by Rev. R.
Wonnell aud Mr.P.Byrue, with violin obbligato,
were well hindered, aud Mr. Byrne’s fine voice
showed to great advantage in his last song,
• Love, oouid I only tell thee.' The songs aud
duet, "larboard Watch,' by Cpl. Murphy,
A.S.C., and Fte. Cowie, R.AM.C., were not
the least enjoyable items of the programme,
and were fully appreciated by all present. Last,
but by no means least, was Mr. DodweU’s part
..f the evening s entertainment. As usual, his
extremely funny songs aud recitations were most
cleverly given, aud fairly convulsed hisaudienoe
wit hlaaghter. After repeatedenooras, he was per
suadedtoadd another item to the programme.
Votes of thanks and the singing of “God-save
the King” brought a most enjoyable evening
to a dose. Amongst those present were Major
and Mrs. Gamble, Mrs. Finch, Mr. John Row
and party, Rev. H. P. Reid and party, Mr. and
Mrs. Seed, Dr. said Mrs. Barsumunian, etc
The collection at the door realised P.T. 188,
which, after deducting for expenses of printing,
etc, left P.T. 78 to be handed over to the Ins
titutb's.poor relief fund.
BECK & CO’S PILSENfR BEER
HOUAUEb ALY CENTENARY.
THE KHEDIVE’S REPLY.
TheKbedivohas sent thefollowinggraciously
worded letter to the President of the Alex-
andria Municipality :—
M. lo President,
• Dans sa stance pltfotere tenue lo 26 avril
courant, le Oonseil Municipal d’Alexandria a,
sur la proposition d’un de ses membros, vot6
h l'unauiinitc un credit de mille livros pour la
calibration flu oentenaire de Mohamod Aly et
iiomrnd un oomitA qui prendra l'initiativo de
1’organisatioQ des fetes.
Je sois toilcbo des sentiments manifestos par
la Commission Municipale k l’igard du fonda-
teur. do la'dynastie, et je tiens k vous assurer,
Monsieur le President, ainsi quo lea honorablee
membros do la Commission de ma vivo grati-
tude qui e»t oertainement partagie par la
famille Khidiviale toute enti&ro.
Cat acte de loyalisme m’eat d'autant pins
agrdable que je le dois k ma bonne ville d'A-
lexandrie, qui n’a oess4 de me timoignsr un
veritable attaohement.	"\
L'importauoe de la somme votio, A laquelle
s’ajouteront les sousoriptions privie^, me per-
mot de peuser qu’uno notable partie de oe
credit pourrait it re oonsaerte soit k une wuvre
de bieufaisance soit aux besoms de la villa
Persuades que le Conseil Municipal saura
preudre, dans le on, les meiileures dispositions,
je saisis bette occdfioo pour vous douner, M. le
Prbsiileut, i’assurance da moe sentiments af-
fectueux.	,	,
Abbas Hn.ijii -
La Cairo, Palais d'Abdiue, le 2 nuu 1905.
Tne Alexandria Fite Coiumit.ee held a meet-
ing at the Municipality yesterday to ounaider.
tbe above letter- Among those present were
Mahmoud Sidky Pasha, aud Messrs. Amb. A. |
Ralli, Ahmed Bey Yehia, G. Zervudachi, Baron
A. de Menasce, Dr. Schiess Bey, L. ^scollitr, 1>.
Feuderl, M“*Bour Bey Youssef, Soliiuan Bey
Abani, E. Beuachi, Mahtouz Bey, Padoa Bey,
1L Koto, Comte M. de Zizinia, de Tsohudi,
Michel Sinadiuo, Bourgeois, Bartau Pasha,
A. Bursock, L. Stagm, Ismail Bey Hafez, R.
Canivei, Turin Bey Yehia, W. P. Chataway,
aud J. Sedky Key.
The Governor of Alexandria opened the pro-,
ceedings by reading bis Highness’s letter and
expressed the most1 tively satisfaction yi
regard to the contents, as they showed how
oordiaMy the Khedive approved ol their efforts.
Mr. Ambrowe Kaili secouded his Excellency ’s
seutiments, and all present-testified by their
euihusi-uiiu applause to the great pleasure
which the Khedive’s letter had affurded them.
Mr. Ralli’s speech was most eloquent, and be
ended by a call for three cheere for his High-
ness, which was most hearuiy responded to by
all present
The meeting subsequently discussed the
question of organising subscriptions tor the
madhouse which was to bear the name of
Mohamed Aly. The madhouse scheme met
with the approbation of all present, with the
efoeption of Count Zizinis, who abstained from
voting beiause he considered that tbe selection
of a work of public utility ought only to be
decided upon alter the matter had been fully
considered by a special committee.
The meeting decided that the executive Fite
Committee, oousistmg of Mr. Zervudachi,
Yehia Buy, aud Barou A. de Menasce, should
be charged with the collection of subscriptions,
and should share in this work together with
the committee already appointed for this
purpose.
CELEBRATIONS IN CAIRO.
Acoording to present arrangements, the
Khedive will leave tor Europe on or about the
10tb proxo. His Highness intends paying a
visit to England during his trip to Europe
His Highness attended Friday prayers to-
day at the Mosque.of Abou el-Abbas, Alex-
andria.	\
Preparations for the oelebration of the oen te-
nary of the dynasty of Mohamed Aly have
been already begun iu Cairo. A triumphal
arch is being erected at the south eutrance of
Opera^cjpaie and a good deal of work bas
been done on the Kasr el-Nil-Bridge, where
numerous masts aud poles have been put into
position. The Ministry of Public Works has
authorised the committee to illuminate tbe
statue of Ibrahim Pasha, Abdeen-street, and
ihe Nile banks at Kasr el Nil, aud to erect
two triumphal arches in Opera square and at
the bego-mug of Abdeeo-street The list of
subscriptions received, reaches the figure of
LK 750.	I	Y
THE LATE ZEKY PASHA.
Tbe funeral of the late Mohamed Zeky
Pasha left the house of the deceased, iu the
Ismailia quarter of Cairo, about 4 p.m. yester-
day. A large number of very distinguished
Egyptians followed the body to its last resting
place, among them .being Mustapha Pasha
Fehrny (hit nephew), Kairi Pasha (represent-
ing the Khedive), Risz Pasha,- Yaouub Pasha
Amo, Chawarbi Pasha, the Judicial Adviser,
Lord Edlrard Cecil Pasha,vD.3.0., and many
other well known British and Egyptian officials.
A number of the Princes of the Khedivial
Family have left cards and messages of ooodol
enoe at tbe house olthe deceased Pasha, who
left a large circle of friends to deplore his loss.
A. ft C.
Programme of music which will be played
by the band of the 2nd Batt. Royal Berks.
Regt at the 1st Summer Meeting (and day)
to be held to morrow :
1 March 4Veory Willie—Neat ^
4 Overture—11 Conte d’E^sex—Mercadante.
8 Valee—Tout Paris-Waldteoff^^
4	Selection—Cavoileria Rust icons _ Mas-
cagni.
5	Intermezzo—Ein Albumblatt Wagner.
6	Polonaise—Ma-kee Psmrt
7	Selection—All tbe Girls—Williams.
8	Gavotte The First Kiwi—Schubert
9	Selection—The Catoh of tbe Season—
Baker.
10	March—The Return of the Troops—
Ellen berg.
8.
NOTES FROM 8UA.KLN.
EVOLUTION OF PORT SUDAN.
(From our Correspondent).
Suakin, April 24. .
The Khedivial mail 8.3. "Mahallah," which
left here on 21st inst. for 8uez, had on
board, Mr. Q. Mason, looo. and stores super-
intendent, Sudan Government Railways, who
is going to England on four months' leave of
absence ; also Mr. B. Losoo, ohief accountant
of the National Bank of Egypt's branch, who
has gone on one month's leave of absence.
Very heavy rain fell here on the night
of the 21st inst. and washed away part of
the railway line. Bimbaahi 8owerby, whb was
on the line, telephoned at once to Railhead and
to Suakin for assistance, and a special train,
with Miralai Macauley Bey, Director of Rail-
ways, and 200 officers and men of the Railway
Battalion, with implements and tools, left
here on the 22nd inst. to repair the damage
done, returning to Suakin on the 23rd.
One case of smallpox has occurred amongst
the Sudauese pilgrims at the Quarantine
Camp! The medioal authorities here .have
vaccinated several hundreds of children. The
health of the pilgrims up to the present is
said to be very good. ' V
The works at Port Sadan are now well
advanced. The plaoe looks like a little town
already. Several Greeks have opened all sorts
of shops there, and very shortly the Sudan
Government will sell land to shipping agencies
and banks, so that they may oommenoe build-
ing their offices.
THE KHEDIVE. '

CAIRO IMPROVEMENTS.
One of the most important, thoogh to the
average citizen least noticeable, of the improve-
ments that are being carried oat in Cairo is
the renovation of that part of the town lying
between the Mousky and the Hamzawy. A
year or two back the Haret Esaaih was almost
entirely rebuilt with buildings especially adapt-
ed to the wants ot the very important trading
class that affects that district, and the whole-
sale dealers in European goods, oottons, etc.,
etc., are now lodged there in offices and stores
that are a credit to the town.
Up-to tbe present, however, the large block
of laui lying between the new markets and the
Ataba el Khadra, which is the central station
ot the tramway system of the town, has been
covered with miserable one-storied buildings,
mostly built entirely of wood, which have thas
beeu allowed to monopolise one of the most
valuable sites, in the whole of the city. At last,
however, the Wakls Administration, to which
this land belongs, has made np its mind
to do what should have been done several
years ago, and the whole of the wretched
aliauties on this laud that have hitherto
lurmed the left-hand limit of the entrance to
the Sharia Mohamed Aly, are being palled
down to give place to bmldipgs which, it is to
be hoped, will not only prove an immense
improvement to the appearance and character
ol the locality, but will furnish aooommodation
that is sadly needed to enable the business of
tbe town to follow its natural course in this
district
ALEXANDRIA’S ANTIQUITIES..
Besides tbe monuments derived from the
excavations) the Alexandria Museum.has been
enriched by gifts from Messrs. Degiardd
Brothers ot two monuments in lime-stone,
which are very remarkable, one for native
art of the Greoo-Roman period, and the other
for Coptic art M. Stoja has also made a
gift to the Museum of doors of tombs covered
with paintings.
In April, 1,717 persons visited the Museum
(of whom 818 paid for admiisionX ** against
(88« paying) ia Apnl, 1804. 293 person, visited
Fompey’s Pillar, as oompared to 86, and 575
visited Korn el Sboogata, as oompared to 482.
Tbe summer hours of the Museum, i.e.,
May l to October 81, are 8 a.m. to 1 p.m.
The hours for visiting Korn el-8hougafa and
Pirtnpey’s- Pillar remain unchanged, i.e., from
8 a.m. to sunset. On‘Wednesday the Maseom
is dosed. The Museum Committee has, at
the request of Dr. Breccia, reduced the price
of admission daring the summer to Kom el-
Shongafa trom P.T. 5 to P.T. 3, and to
Pompey 's Pillar from P.T. 3 to P.T. 1.
BANDMANN-DALLAS COMPANY-
AT PORT SAID
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, May 2.
"A Country Girl" was given this evening at
tbe Eldorado Theatre before a very full house
by the Bandmann-Dallas opera oompany. Tbs
company only reached Port 8aid at 4 p.m.
from Cairo, and practically stepped direct
from the train on to the stage. The perform-
ance. on the whole, was excellent The only
thing exception oouid be taken to as being
really below the general standard, was the
orchestra, who perhaps are, after all, not to be
blamed, for they consisted of scratch crews
from the oaf4s here. The conductor had great
difficulties tb contend with, and his unfor-
tunately necessary prompting rather marred
the general performance. Apart from that and
the doubtful suitability of the theatre itself,
which is really a maiio-haU, it was a hogs
EGYPTIAN 8HARE MARKET
(From our Financial Correspondent).
London, April 28.
An awed .world is holding its breath and
listening for the olash of arms and ships, aye,
and the ghastly tale of slaughtered and sunk.
Even the shrieks of greed that are wopt to rend
the air on the Stock Exchange are hushed, and
tbe issues of life and death of men and nations
paralyze the imagination and ory “halt" to
speculation. There are sellers who must sell,
but no one has any heart to buy while the deep
shadow of coming events looms dark over the
hearts of men.
There is practioaily.nothing new, to report
since last week; the holidays having occupied
the greater part of the interval sinoe we last
wrote, and the Settlement taken up the
remainder of the time. There is a decided
deaidi of new business, as the result of the
impending naval aotion in the East still hsngs
in the balance: As is always the case, the
uncertainty of the situation has been its weakest
point, for even adverse foots are, in a way,
better than suspense and rumours of all sorts.
Added to this we have a slight {notion nearer
home, as a result of recent German utterances,
and a sharp break in the American market; so
that the prevailing tone this week has been
dull—one might fairly say weak.
Egyptian stocks were steady, and Daira
Sameh shares were as high 4s 29joti Tuesday,
but this market has weakenW-with tbe rest,
Dairas tailing back to 28j. Bank shares were
also easier, Nationals 27 and Agricultural
13i, with little doing.
Persistent efforts are made to give a little
impetus to the Egyptian mining seotion, but
there is not enough outside business to book
them up. At the momemt there is a slightly
better tone, notably for Nile Valleys at 2± and
Urn Rus at 1 A- Both of these shares should,
be worth locking up at the prioe. '	1
EGYPTIAN AND SUDAN AGENCY.
A foil dividend of seven per cent, on the
Preference shares of the Egyptian and Sudan
Agency, Limited, has been declared.
Holders ol bearer warrants in this oompany
can secure their dividend by cutting off the
coupons and forwarding them to the oompa-
ny'a offioes at Sharia Kasr eLNU, Cairo.
KHEDIVIAL AGRICULTURAL
SOCIETY.
The first meeting of the members represent-
ing Gharbieh province for the K. A 8. was
held at Tan tab a lew days ago, under the
presidency ot the Mondir. The meeting was
largely attended. Mr. Fuaden, secretary-gene-
ral of the society, the sanitary inspector of
the Gharbieh, the chief engineer of irrigation
(on behalf of the Inspector of Irrigation, who
apologised for his absence), Sibay Bey El
Maury, representative of the moudirieb, two
members representing each \ markaz, the
secretary of the society iu Gharbieh,and several
press representatives were preeenL
Hosny Eff., seoretary, gave a short history
of the society, showing how the society was
about to fall and how, throagh the efforts of
Frinoe Hussein Pasha, it had risen again and
kept its balanoe gradually. He stated that
Uie notables of Gharbieh did not, like those in
other moudiriehs, pay any attention to the im-
provemeut of agnoulture.
Sibaiy Bey el Masry suggested that in order
to carry out the reoummeudations of the cir-
cular issued by the Government oonoerning
the ootton worm, the Government should
make some arrangements between the Irriga-
tion Office aud tbe society during the rotations.
He also suggested that stores for seeds and
manure should be established by the society
in each markaz. An agricultural show in each
town and city should be held annually daring
the corn harvest	•
Mohamed Bey Cfaerif suggested that ex-
periments in manuring should be carried oat
in each markaz at the expense of the mem-
bers and under the oontrol of the Moiety’*
secretary.
Pathallah Bey Barakat stated that in his
olover plantation, the stalk varied from 1.70
to 2.60 metres in length. He explained how
it w>s planted and expressed- his readiness
to sell to the society any quantity of seeds
that it might require.
Soliman Bey Ghanatn proposed that tbe
Government should issue a circular to the
effect that only one-third of a plantation
should be planted with ootton. Hosny Eff.,
secretary, replied that such au aotion of the
Government would appear rather premature.
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE.
A new line of British owned and managed
passenger and cargo steamers from London
to Delagoa Bay, calling at intermediate jwrta,
named the British East Afrioan 8teamahip
Company, will shortly be itangnreted.
/ At first the sailings will be four weekly, but
it is hoped that, with due support from
shippers, merchants, and others, it may be
necessary to run more frequently.
STEAMER M0VBMHNT8.
The BUerman 8.8, “Alexandria" sailed benee
yesterday afternoon for Liverpool with par
senger. and general cargo, including 861 bales
ootton and 8,601 bags onions.
The Moss liner “Seti” arrived yesterday
afternoon from Liverpool, vi4 Gibraltar, Algiers,
and Malta, with passengers, mails and genera)
cargo.
The Moss liner “Tabor" sailed yesterday
afternoon for Liverpool, vii Malta, with posse-
gen, mails, and general cargo, including 8,624
I bales ootton,
THE PIGMIES ATCAIBO.
A PROTEST FROM ENGLAND.
Mr. Fox Bourne, writing to the London
Press on behalf of the Aborigines' Protection
Society, makes a strong profeat against the
bringing to England ot theCougo pigmies, now
detained in Cairo. He says the pigmies are in
the category of “oaripns little animal, whioh
have been beguiled into oaptivity not distin-
guishable from that to which strange quad-
rupeds, birds, or reptiles are subjected when
their captors expect profit from making a show
of them to gaping crowds ot sightseers. What
is this but a base form of slavery 1 Mr. Fox
Bourne characterises the exhibition of these
creatures as *n outrage on the humane princi-
ples professed by all civilised nations, and
especially oar own.
COL HARRISONS DESCRIPTION.
' Colonel Harrison has arrived in London
from Cairo. Describing his stay with the
pigmies, the Colonel said to a Reuter inter-
viewer : “When once I had gained their con-
fidence, they were quite friendly, and even-
tually six ot them—tour men and two woman-
volunteered to come with me to England..
They freely conducted me to their Jittb vil-
lages, and at night time erected leafy struc-
tures, under whioh I slept They are of an
extremely low order of intelligence, and know
absolutely nothing of what goes on around them.
They seem to have no religions instincts, and
possess no idea of a Supremq Being. Their
average height is from four feet to tour feet
three and a-half, and, oorionsly enough, as a
rule the women are taller than the men. The
woipen have afao better phvsioal development,
fhe men seemed to me to be starved to death.
A noteworthy foot was the prevalence of a
terrible cough-due, perhaps, to the dampness
of the atmosphere. All the pigmies alike suffer-
ed from this to snob a degree that it was diffi-
cult to sleep at night I had quite expected to
find that serious lung trouble was prevalent,
but was surprised to disoover, as a result of
medioal examination of the pigmies who ko-
oompanied me book to Egypt, that the lungs
were quite healthy.	. .
THE FINDING OF THE PIGMIES.
The finding oi tbepigmieeis thas described:—
- “ Darkness was just setting in at the end &
our first march in the forest when, daring a
terrible. thunderstorm, we came upon a «™»H
clearing among the trees, and knew that a
pigmy village was not far off. One of the
party was despatched into the neighboaring
bush to see the pigmies, and to tell them of
our approach. The actual village was some
distance from the'clearing, the tiny huts being
hidden away between the trees, sometime in
almoec inaccessible places. It consisted of
some dozen little leafed-in arbours seven feet
in diameter, and less than four feet high at
the highest point. In front of these burnt
a bright fire, while within each of the dwell-
ings crouched from eight to ten of the pigmies.
Later in the day, at my request, they oame to
my camp and danced. They are tremendous
dancers, and they will perform for hours at a
stretch without fatigue. Their movements are
in perfect time, and by no means ungraoefoL
About a hundred form np a line and danoe
round a oouple of native drams. These, and
the shrill whistles whioh they employ when oat
hunting, appear to be their only muaioal instru-
EXTRAORDINARY 8ILBNCR
“On the first night only 35 . came out to
danoe, all the women being kept in the huts,
bat on subsequent ooooeions I Shave had as
many as a hundred performing before me. A
striking characteristic of the people is their
extraordinary silenoe; they will nt for hoars
without ottering * word. They are nomadic,
and their only wealth is in spears. The num-
ber of spears determines -the number of wives
these people can afford. They are practioaily
node. The women’s only clothing is a few
leaves, while tbe men's attire consists of a
scrap of skin round the waist Their whole
personal belongings oonsist of a poisoned spear
or two and an old clay cooking pot The
women carry their infants slang across their
sides.
A WARLIKE PEOPLE'
"They are fearless hunters, and will boldly
attack an elephant by rushing np to it ana
planting a poisoned spear in the brute. They
are also a very warlike little people, and only a
short while before my arrival in tbe forest they
had .sallied.out, attacked and looted a Belgian
caravan, and killed seventeen porters. There
were no white men with the oar*van, and the
native soldiers bolted. They eat like animals,
even gnawing the bones of their prey. When
an animal is caught they ont it up, akin and
all, and pat it to the oooking pot
UPB IN THB FOREST.
“Life in the forest is dreary in the extreme.
It ia always twilight the sun never penetrates
through the dense foliage, and for nine months
of the year it poors with rain."
8T0PPED IN CAJRO.
After living for three weeks in the forest
Colonel Hamson, together with the six pig-
mies who had volunteered to return with him,
again left for Irumu. Nothing was heard of
any attempt to stop the pigmies till the arrival
of Colonel Harrison at Cairo. Here it was
found that Lord Cromer had reoeived instruc-
tion* from the Foreign Offfioe to ascertain
under what conditions the pigmies were going
to England, and if they were willing.
THEIR CONDITION.
The six pigmies included font men and two
women. One of the latter—an old woman—
has distinctly ape-like features, and is parti-
cularly repulsive in appearanoe ; while the
other—known as tbe Princess—is described
as a comparatively beautiful girl. The old
woman was foond to be ill, and it was con-
sidered well for her to be sent to hospital at
Cairo, and one of the men also had an attack
of bronchitis, whioh it was thought would
necessitate his detention for a few days. With
these exceptions ail are said to be in good
health, and were certified by the Sirdar's
doctor at Khartoum and by a leading physician
in Cairo to be perfectly fit
Colonel Harriwm is still oommnnioating with
the Foreign Office on the qoMtion of the pig-
mies proceeding to England, for whioh he has
fall permission from the Congo Government
ALOERSOWS CARDBt, BWJgUfr
lu consequence of art—dvi alterations to
the theatre hi Aldereon’i Garden, the theatre
will he oloeed all this month,	IlfM